Guten Tag, I am staying overnight in Cambridge and need a place to sleep. I need free parking and internet.
Hi there! Can you give me some info on Cityroomz?
I am looking for a hotel named alyesbray lodge guest house.
I am looking for a restaurant. I would like something cheap that has Chinese food.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre if you could help me.
I'm looking for a places to go and see during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.
Yeah, could you recommend a good gastropub?
I want to find an expensive restaurant and serves european food. Can i also have the address, phone number and its area. ?
Where's a good place to eat crossover food in Cambridge?
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and in the south part of town.
Can you help me find an expensive Chinese food restaurant?
I'm looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good Bistro in the centre of town, can you find me some options?
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called travellers rest
Heya, can you find me an expensive restaurant with north african food?
I am looking for a restaurant.
I am looking for a high priced hotel in the north side of town
Hi, what can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?
I'm looking for a hotel, can you help?
Please find me a place to dine that's expensive and in the centre.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called ask. Please give me information on that restaurant.
Hey, I'm up south can you give me a place to eat?
I will be staying in Cambridge. I need a hotel with wifi.
I live in the centre of town and want to see if I can find a reasonable room for my parents to stay while they are visiting.
I am looking for information in Cambridge. I need a place to dine.
I would like to find a cheap hotel to stay at where there is free parking. Do you have any suggestions?
I am looking for a 4 star place to stay.
I'm looking for a place to eat. I would like it to be an expensive restaurant in the centre.
I would like to find out information about a hotel called Warkworth House.
I need a hotel with free wifi and free parking, thank you
We will be on the west side of town and would like to find a place to eat while there.
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.
Let's find me an expensiove place to eat in the centre
I would like to eat in the Center of town at a expensive place.
Can you help me find a place to stay that's four stars and has free wifi?
I don't know if this is possible but can you please get me some information on the alexander bed and breakfast?
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay in town. I'd like a place with free parking and a 2 star rating, please.
Can you help me in finding a suitable guesthouse please?
Hi, I want a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.
I would like inexpensive Turkish food.
Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?
I would like a restaurant that serves world food
I need a South restaurant with british food.
Are you able to find me a french expensive restaurant?
Could you help me find a 0 star hotel?
Good morning, I need help finding a restaurant that serves bistro in the moderate price range.
I'm looking for a hotel called Kirkwood House please.
Can you help me find a moderately priced place to eat located in the centre?
Can you help me find a place to stay that is expensive and includes free parking?
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
What are my options for cheap restaurants in the city center?
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Do you think you could find one for me?
I am looking for a hotel that gives me free parking and free wifi.
Is there any place here in the centre that serves corsica food?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Scandinavian food
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel
Can you find me a 3 star hotel in the centre?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.
I need a three star hotel with internet. Can you help?
I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b
I am look for a hotel near the beach near the main strip
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
I am looking for information about a hotel called the autumn house.
I am looking for a place to stay.
I want to find a restaurant in the east part of town. It serves chinese food. What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay. Can you help?
I'm looking for a hotel, is that something you help with?
I'd like to find out more about expensive restaurants in the city centre.
I want to eat at an expensive gastropub restaurant
I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.
I want something that's moderately priced. Any type of food.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant.
I'm looking to get some info about a hotel called Home from Home
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
Hi, I need a hotel on the west side, please.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
Hey, I need a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.
I am looking for a certain hotel. Could you see if you might have any info on it?
I am looking for a place to stay
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre?
I would like a restaurant in the centre and in the moderate price range.
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Royal Spice restaurant?
Hi, I could use help with my planning. I am trying to find a place to stay.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Portuguese food.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet
I am looking for Warkworth House hotel. Any information on it?
Hi, I need a place to stay with free wifi and in a moderate price range.
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.
Can you give me some information on the Avalon Hotel?
Looking for a restaurant on the South part of town?
I am looking for a French restaurant.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
I'm looking for a cheap portuguese restaurant
I'm looking for some cheap Chinese food. Got any restaurants that fit the bill?
I'm looking for an indonesian restaurant that's moderate in price.
I'm in the mood for some modern eclectic food so please find me a cheap restaurant that sells some
Yes, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I am there. Can you help me find a place to dine?
I'm looking for an inexpensive African restaurant.
I am looking for the Limehouse hotel.
i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called restaurant two two.
Hi, I'm going to be visiting soon, and I am interested in trying a restaruant called Curry Prince. Could you give me more information about it?
I need a cheap place to stay, what would you recommend?
Howdy, it would help me a great deal if you could please get me some information about the alexander bed and breakfast
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.
Is there a cheap restaurant serving belgian food?
Can you find me a moderately priced chinese restaurant please
I would like a restaurant in any area that serves scandinavian food
Hello, I am looking for a place to dine. I'd prefer it to be moderately priced and serve Indian food.
Can you help me find somewhere to stay with free wifi?
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.
Would you be able to suggest a steakhouse restaurant in Cambridge?
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse. Do you know of any 4-star properties?
I need a place to stay in the north that includes free parking. What options are available?
I need a cheap, 2 star hotel to stay at here in Cambridge
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine serving modern european food.
I need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, and I don't care about internet.
I am looking for information on The Varsity restaurant.
Yes I am looking for information on Michael House cafe.
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves british food.
Hi there, I'm hoping you can help me find a hotel in the south of Cambridge.
I am looking for a cheap hotel that includes free parking.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
Can you assist me with finding a moderately priced restaurant?
I need the address of a restaurant that serves gastropub food.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel in the north.
I'm looking for a restaurant that's on the pricier end, I want to impress some people. Is there something you'd recommend?
I wanted to find out about local restaurants in Cambridge.
Hello. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Swiss food. Can you recommend anything to me?
I want to dine at an expensive asian oriental food restaurant.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. I would also like the address and phone number.
I need some lodging accommodations. It needs to have free parking and Internet please!
Is there a restaurant called Cocum?
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
I need a place to stay that doesn't have to have internet and is in the expensive price range please.
Can you find a 4 star hotel in the north side?
Yes, I'm looking for a Cuban restaurant in the Centre.
I am looking for a place to eat that's expensive and serves Belgian food.
I need a moderately priced guest house.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern european food.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
Hi, can you point me to an expensive restaurant that serves Italian food? I will be in the area soon.
I am looking for a place to stay with 4 stars.
Hi, I'm looking for a 4-star hotel with free wifi.
i need a place to stay
I need a place to stay that is cheap.
I'm looking for a hotel called hamilton lodge.
I need to place to eat, say, in the center of the town with some creative food.
I'm looking for a moderately priced guest house. Can you recommend one?
I sure hope so. A friend recommended the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. What can you tell me about it?
I'm so hungry! Can you find me a really great modern european restaurant? Money is no object!
I want to find a place to stay that is a guesthouse and has free parking.
Hi, I'm looking for a 1 star place to stay with free wifi.
I'd like a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the medium price range.
I am looking for an upscale Chinese food restaurant in Cambridge; can you make a recommendation?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the west side that's in the moderate price range.
Cheap restaurant in the north. address and phone number, please.
Can you find me a hotel in the northern area that isn't to cheap or expensive?
Can you find me a guest house?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking
Could you help me find a place to stay? I need a place in town that offers free parking and free wifi.
I want to find a German restaurant please that's in the cheap price range.
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and in the west
We would like to eat some Japanese food while we are visiting.
What is good in the south part of town
I'm looking for asian oriental food in expensive range.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range. It should serve Sri Lankan food.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves Jamaican food.
I want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. what is the address and phone number?
Hi. I'm looking for some moderately priced rooms for the night in the centre of town. Where can I go for that?
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town and serves international food.
I want a place to eat in the west.
Please find me a corsica restaurant.
I am looking for a hotel that is in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for a hotel called the a and b guest house. Can you help me out?
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves korean food
I'm looking for this restaurant called city stop restaurant
I need a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.
I'm looking for a moderately priced guesthouse for the night.
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?
I'm looking for a pleasant guesthouse to stay in. Would you be able to help me find one?
I am looking for a 3 star hotel to stay in.
I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel in the north.
I want to find out if there are any places to dine that serve Australian food in the centre.
Are there good hotels that you can book?
I am looking for a hotel call arbury lodge guesthouse.
Are there any British restaurant that serve moderate priced food?
Yes, hopefully you can help with some information on a particular hotel?
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food.
I'm looking for a place to stay, I would prefer a hotel in the expensive price range.
Where do I get info on hotels?
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.
Can you tell me about any german restaurants in the east part of the city?
Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.
I am looking for the gonville hotel. Can you help me?
I am looking for a restaurant.
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and serves European food.
Can you find a room available at a 4 star hotel with free wi-fi?
I will be going to Cambridge to do the tourist thing and would like a hotel in the moderate price range.
I would like to dine at a restaurant serving Indian food on the east side of town. Any suggestions?
I need help finding a place to eat that is moderately priced and located in the east.
I'm looking for a place called maharajah tandoori restaurant. Do you know it? It's a restaurant.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town and it needs to be in the expensive price range.
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in the North.
I am searching for a guesthouse in town that has free parking, do you know of any?
Hi, can you help me find a place to stay? I'd like a hotel on the north side, please.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
I am looking for a German restaurant in the west part of town.
I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
I'm looking for a restaurant in west part of town with cheap food.
Hi, can you help me find a place to stay on the north side?
Yeah, my wife and kids are demanding Spanish food. Can we keep it on the cheap side, please?
I'm needing a place to dine. It needs to be an expensive Brazilian place.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is in the cheap price range.
I'm hoping to find a restaurant in the centre that serves British food.
I am looking for a place to stay. Can you help me out?
I'm looking for a 3-star lodging with free wifi.
I am looking for a restaurant with vegetarian food.
Hi there, I've just started planning my trip. Can you help me find a restaurant?
I need a 5 star luxury hotel with a jacuzzi.
Is there a modern European restaurant in the north?
Can you find a restaurant called Rajmahal.
I'd like to find a moderately priced hotel with free wifi.
Can you find a place in town that serves Polynesian food?
Can you tell me about a nice guest house in your city? I don't care how much it costs.
AM looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the south and should serve gastropod food.
Can you tell me about any expensive restaurants in the Centre?
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the west?
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in city centre.
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town.
Can you help me find a guesthouse with free parking?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the west.
Hello, are there any moderate turkish restaurants in town?
is there a portuguese food restaurant?
Great. You can help me pick out a restaurant go to.
You can help me by finding me an expensive restaurant in the centre
I need help finding a place to stay in the east.
Hi, I would like to book a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
Hello, I need a place to eat in the center of town.
I would like to find a French restaurant, please.
I am looking for a hotel called The Cambridge Belfry. Can you help me with this?
I would like a restaurant in the west part of town
Hi! I'd like to find a seafood restaurant in the centre of town, please.
Hey, I'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.
Can you locate an expensive restaurant in the south?
Hello I am looking for a restaurant that serves Italian food and I need it to be cheap.
I would like to find a restaurant in any area and it should serve lebanese food.
I'm looking for something moderately priced in the west part of town, could you get me the number and full address please?
I am looking for a place to stay. in the west
Hi. I'll be traveling to there and can't wait to try the restaurants there. Could you help me find a place?
I am looking for a Thai restaurant - any area will do.
I need to find information on home from home.
Can you help me find a moderately priced Indian restaurant?
Hello! I'm looking for the hotel called Cityroomz. Can you give me some information, please?
Hey, is there any good italian food on the eastside?
Please help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food. Thank you.
Hi, I could use some help with information on places to stay.
I am looking for a room and want to see if I can find somewhere that has 3 stars. Can I get some help with that?
I would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves caribbean food
Can you help me with finding a hotel today, please?
I'm looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and should include free wifi
I am looking for the address and price range of a restaurant serving chinese food in the south part of town.
I need a hotel with free parking, thanks!
Yes, could you please tell me about the Alpha-Milton guest house?
Are there any moderately priced hotels that have free parking, or do they all charge extra for that?
HI, I am looking for a cheap place in the centre of town to eat. Can you help?
Hi! I'm searching for a Panasian restaurant in the south part of town.
Could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse?
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant.
I need a guesthouse, with parking that is free.
I am looking for hotel with a star five rating and free wifi
I am looking for pasquale pizzeria.
I would like to try an expensive, italian place while visiting cambridge.
I am looking for a place to dine. I would like european food in the expensive price range.
I want to eat someplace with unusual food. Price is no object. What can you suggest?
I am looking for a place to stay.
I am looking to get some information on the acorn guest house.
Need a cheap place to eat at at the centre.
Howdy! I'm craving some cheap Italian food, you got any place like that?
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves mediterranean food.
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the east.
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, Please give me a 3 star guesthouse hotel
Could you help me find a place to stay on my upcoming trip?
Hi. I need to book a guesthouse that has free parking, can you help me?
Hi. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Welsh food. Can you help me?
Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay with 4 stars.
Hi. Could you help me find a hotel for my trip?
I need a place to stay. Find me a hotel with free wifi.
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food located in the centre.
I'm looking for an expensive guesthouse to say at.
Are there any Mexican restaurants in the centre?
I need a place to eat that is cheap.
I need to find a 4 star rated place to stay with free parking.
Hello, I'm trying to find an expensive asian oriental restaurant. Can you help me find one?
I'm looking for a Belgian food restaurant in the centre. Can you help me?
Hello! Can you please recommend a 3-star hotel?
Yes, I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in town. I don't need internet access, so don't worry about that.
I am looking for a cheap gastropub restaurant in the centre of town
I need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi available.
I want to find a place to dine located in the north and moderately priced.
Yes, I am looking for cheap lodging in town that includes free wifi.
Can you tell me if there are any european restaurants in the center of town?
Hi. I'm looking for a place to spend the night, and I want somewhere without any hidden fees for parking or wifi.
I am visiting and need a hotel in the north
Hello. I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
Would you be able to help me locate a restaurant in Cambridge?
Hi, I'm looking to book the Hamilton Lodge in Cambridge
Can you help me find a restaurant called graffiti please?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi.
I need a place to dine on expensive crossover food.
I'm hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
i need a place to stay
Hi, I'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.
Do you have any recommendations for a restaurant in the south area in a high price range?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and parking.
Hello, what expensive restaurants do you know of in the East part of town?
I need to find out information about a particular hotel called warkworth house
I need a place to stay in Cambridge. It should be either a hotel or guesthouse with 1 star and moderate price range. Can you help me with that?
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the south and should be in the cheap price range
Hello, I need help finding a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Thanh Binh. Can you help me find it?
I'm looking for unusual food in the south part of town.
Hello, i'm looking for a restaurant called river bar steakhouse and grill.
I'd like some information on the Hamilton Lodge hotel, please.
Could you find me a welsh restaurant in the cheap price range ?
I am looking for a chinese restaurant. I want a place that is expensive and classy.
I need to book a restaurant.
I am looking for a restaurant called Charlie Chan
I'm taking a trip in cambridge and need a place to stay. I would like a 4 star in the moderate price range.
I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the centre of town
Hello, I'd like to get some info one a hotel please.
What is that european food place's address?
I need a place to eat that is expensive.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range.
Are there any expensive places to dine in the West?
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. I would like to know the type of food, address and phone number.
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the north.
Can you help me look up a particular hotel that I have in mind?
Looking for someone that serves Australasian food?
Do you know of any cheap indian restaurants?
Can you help me find a nice hotel? I'd like to stay somewhere on the west side of town. A 0 star rating would be great, too.
Looking for place to eat in the south
Hello I need a place to stay in the centre please.
I'm looking for an English restaurant that's moderately priced..
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the center of town.
I am looking for some information on rosas's bed and breakfast.
i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town
I'm looking for information on a hotel called hamilton lodge.
I'm in the east part of town, and I'd like to find a nearby Scandinavian restaurant.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to Cambridge. Can you please help me find something in the moderate price range? No specific amenities needed.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Portuguese food. Please also provide the phone number.
Yes I would like information on the Cambridge Belfry.
I sure hope so. I'd like to find a place to stay, with four stars, in the north.
Could you help me find a restaurant that's moderately priced, and services sri lankan cuisine?
I need help finding a place to dine that is very expensive and is located in the centre.
Hello. I want a cheap barbeque restaurant.
I am looking for a place to stay with free parking.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north.
Can you help me find a corsica restaurant?
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay on the north end. I'd like a place with free wifi.
I want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. I need its address and phone number please
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food.
I am looking for an Eastern restaurant, medium price
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves gastropub food.
Can you find me an italian restaurant in the centre?
I want a place that serves Swiss food.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve vietnamese food.
We would like to find a restaurant that is north of town.
I am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. I am on a bit of a budget so I need something moderate.
I'd like to find an Italian restaurant, on the west side.
i need info about cityroomz
Hey, is curry king still open?
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some advice on a place to stay.
I need a place to stay in the west of town.
I am looking for an expensive place to dine that serves catalan food.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves kosher food in the west side.
I am looking for Golden House restaurant.
Where can I get some British food that isn't too cheap or expensive?
i need a place to stay in Cambridge thats 4 star with free wifi
I need to find some caribbean food in south town.
Can you help me find a place to dine?
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range
Hi I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay that has free wifi.
Can you find me an expensive restaurant that serves steakhouse food?
I am looking for Cote restaurant.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
Can you help me find a restaurant? I want to find a place in the centre.
I need a hotel close to downtown Cambridge please.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that offers free wifi. Do you have any of those?
I'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the East part of town. Can you recommend one to me?
Hi I am looking for some info on the Worth House hotel.
Need a place to stay, free wifi. Needs to be a hotel.
Can you help me find a hotel to stay in that includes free wifi and has a 4 star rating? Thanks!
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Belgian food.
im looking for a place that serves morden european food and with a cheap price range
I need a place to stay in the north in the moderate price range if you could help me.
I would like to book a hotel.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves traditional european food, that's not too expensive or too cheap.
Could you help me find a 3 star hotel with free wifi in Cambridge?
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food to dine at? Thanks.
I'm looking for an austrian restaurant.
I need a guesthouse rental that has free parking.
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called autumn house
I want a restaurant that is moderately priced and located in the south.
Hi, I want an expensive restaurant. East part of town please.
I am looking to eat moderate priced British food
I'm looking for a moderately priced Japanese restaurant.
Please I need a place to Stay in Cambridge and I have the express by holiday inn Cambridge in mind. Can you help book that for me?
i want to find an international restaurant
Find me an expensive restaurant that serves gastropub food
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant.
I am needing to find a place to stay while traveling in Cambridge. I would like a guesthouse that is 4 stars.
Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the North part of town, please?
I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town.
I'd like a jamaican restaurant please.
Hi, I'm looking for a European restaurant.
We want to find a restaurant that serves unusual food.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town
Which hotels in Cambridge offer free wifi for guests?
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
Yes, I'm looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the expensive price range.
I'd like some information about the University Arms Hotel.
I want english food.
I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?
I am looking for a cheap priced restaurant in the west part of town.
I want to find an expensive restaurant serving christmas food.
I need a place to stay in the expensive range.
Hey I'm looking for a hotel that has free parking, can you find one?
I'm looking for hungarian food in the Centre
I would like to find a very expensive indian restaurant, can you help me?
I'm looking for a place that offers free parking to it's guests. Got any hotels that offer that?
May have the name of a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town?
I need to find a good vegetarian restaurant
I need a guesthouse with free wifi.
I am looking for an expensive Australian place.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
I'm just looking for a place to sleep tonight in Cambridge.
I would like an inexpensive hotel on the west side of town.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves European food.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre area?
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
I need some info on a restaurant called royal spice.
I want to find a place to eat Chinese in the cheap price range.
I am looking for a hotel to stay at in Cambridge, at least a 4 star place please
Hello, I'm interested in booking a restaurant in cambridge!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi.
Everyone keeps telling me I have to stay at Cityroomz when I visit next. Have you heard of it?
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south of town.
I'm looking for malaysian food.
I'd really like to get the number for the Yippee Noodle Bar restaurant if you please?
I need to find information on the Bloomsbury Restaurant.
I need a hotel to stay with a 3 star rating please.
Can you help me find a restaurant?
I'm looking for an expensive place to stay with free parking please.
I need to find a asian restaurant in Cambridge
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking, please.
I am looking for a restaurant called HK Fusion.
I am looking for a hotel near the mall. The hotel should has free indoor parking, even it doesn't include internet.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel that was recommended. It's called the Cambridge Belfry?
I am looking for a place in the centre of town that serves Thai food.
i am looking for a restuarant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?
Are there any cheap Indian restaurants around?
I'm planning my trip to Cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel.
I'd like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
I'm looking for a gastropub restaurant.
I am in the center are of Cambridge, are there any Japanese restaurants in that part of town?
Help! I am hungry and need a cheap restaurant in the centre.
I'm on the North side, please find me an expensive restaurant here
Need a certain restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar.
There is a certain hotel I want to stay in, can you book that?
i need a place to stay
I am looking for a restaurant serving spanish food, please.
Would you be able to help me find a room that has free wifi?
Hi! Are there any European restaurants in the center of town?
Hi I need a hotel that is in the east. I don't need free parking.
I would like to book a table at a turkish place and is moderately priced.
I would like to stay in a hotel that is moderately priced and includes free parking. Can you help?
I was hoping to find an expensive restaurant in the south.
i need information of a hotel called allenbell.
I need a restaurant. I've heard Nandos recommended, could you give me more information about it?
I am excited to eat at some great restaurants during my visit. Can you help me find a guesthouse?
Find me a cheap vietnamese food place please.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the cheap price range
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi for when I am visiting Cambridge.
I need a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
I need a hotel in the lower price range that includes free parking.
I need a palce to stay that has free wifi but in the moderate price range.
Are there any cheap hotels (not guesthouses) in town?
I am looking for a cheap modern European restaurant. Can you help me?
Good morning, I need a place to stay that has free wifi and that is in the expensive price range. Can you please tell me what is available?
Can you help me find a hotel today?
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving hungarian food.
I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and serves European food.
Can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the South part of town?
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free parking please.
I am going to be visiting and would like a guesthouse.
I would like to find a restaurant in the expensive price range that is located in the city center.
Could you help me find a hotel on the south side of town?
Hi, I'd like to find out about the Hobsons House hotel.
Hello. Could you help me locate a good moderate restaurant in the south of the city?
Can you help me find a place to stay?
I am looking for the price range and address of the Meze Bar Restaurant
I need a place to stay with a star rating of 0.
I am looking for a french restaurant.
Can you find me a cheap Spanish restaurant?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves British food and in the east part of town.
I am looking for a vegetarian restaurant near South Cambridge, or a restaurant that has a variety of vegetarian dishes.
I'm looking for a hotel called a and b quest house.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Japanese food. I don't care about the price range.
Can you help me find a moderately placed modern european restaurant?
I am looking to get some eritrean food in the west part of town.
Are there any expensive restaurants in the North?
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi.
I need a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves Portuguese food.
Can you help me find a hotel with free parking?
I'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and I don't need to have internet. Can you help?
I am looking for a restaurant serving Spanish food.
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay in that's in the expensive price range. Can you help me?
I am looking for a place to dine that is in the expensive price range.
Hi! Are there any guesthouses in town that have free parking?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
I am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in the west area. Can you locate one for me please?
Hello. I am coming into town and would like help finding a play to stay.
Is there anything cheap in the centre of town?
I am looking for a place to stay that is named aylesbray lodge guest house. Could you give me some information about it?
I want a restaurant on the west end of town.
I need a place to stay in the west part of the town? Some place with free wifi please.
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves barbeque food. If not then how about modern european food?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the type of guesthouse
Can you help me find the a and b guest house hotel?
I need a place to stay. What's available on the west side, with free wifi?
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. What is the address and postcode?
Hi. I a looking for a cheap place to stay. What can you recommend for me?
Could you provide me with information about the Huntingdon Marriott hotel?
I'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.
I want to book the el shaddai hotel.
I don't care about price range, find me an european food restaurant, please.
I am looking for a restaurant serving seafood, in the center of the town.
Do you have any information on a restaurant called the Golden Wok?
Hi, I'd like a 3 star hotel please. And also internet!
Could you help me find a restaurant with middle-eastern cuisine?
I am looking for a greek restaurant on the east side of town.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
Hello! What can you tell me about the Shiraz restaurant?
I need an expensive place to dine in the center of town.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the moderate price range
I am looking for a cheap restaurant.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves food from the americas.
I am looking for a place to stay in the east.
Hey, are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?
Can you recommend me a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?
I'm looking for information on la tasca.
Hello, I'm in the west and I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range. Can you please help me?
Can you find me a place to say in the centre that includes free wifi?
Could you please find me a 4 star guesthouse
I need a cheap place to stay please.
What is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town?
Please recommend me an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves venetian food.
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of town, could you provide me with some options to choose from please?
I am looking for a guesthouse please.
Bonjour, I need a 4 star hotel with free internet, please.
I'm looking for a restaurant called the gandhi.
I want a cheap Italian restaurant in the south side of town.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
Could you give me some information on a hotel named el shaddai?
Where can I find malaysian food? I prefer an expensive restaurant please
I'm looking for a restaurant called restaurant two two?
Could you find me a room at a four star hotel that is kind of cheap?
I am looking for a restaurant in the Centre.
Hi I need to find a place to dine serving Vietnamese food in the cheap price range.
Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town?
Yes I am looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and has a three star rating please.
I am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the cheap price range.
i am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called aylesbray lodge guest house.
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant on the south side of town.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves basque food.
I am looking for a place to stay.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
I want to find an expensive hotel with a star of 4.
Hi! Can you help me find a hotel somewhere on the west side of town please?
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the south part of town.
I want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves malaysian food.
I am looking to find an expensive restaurant in the north area of town.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
I need a room.
I'm looking to find lodging in a hotel in the expensive price range
I'm looking for a hotel named Worth House
I'm looking for someplace to get British cuisine in the center of town.
I want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.
Hi. This might be a long shot, but can you help me find a restaurant that serves Swedish food? I don't care about price.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. It doesn't need to include internet.
I am visiting Cambridge and need a place to stay in the moderate range that has free internet.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel that is cheap. It doesn't need to have free parking.
I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the east part of town.
Yes, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south. Can you tell me what you have?
I am looking for information on a restaurant called saigon city?
Please suggest to me a 4 star motel in Cambridge that offer free wifi.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
Hello, can you give me information about Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, please?
I'm looking for a place to stay in west Cambridge.
Does Cambridge have an establishment called the Shanghai Family Restaurant?
I am looking for a danish restaurant in the south part of town.
How much for a room in a hotel in the city center?
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. What do you know about it?
Hi, I'm looking for the Bridge Guest House. Can you give the information about it please?
Need restaurant thats expensive and in the east of town.
I am searching for a Lebanese restaurant in the east part of town.
I am looking for a restaurant, it's called anatolia
Hi, I'm looking for restaurants in the area. Could you recommend any moderately-priced establishments that are located near the town centre.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 3 and should be in the moderate price range
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse in the south part of town. Do you have anything in that category?
Can you help me find a cheap place to eat?
Hello I am looking for a place in the north to dine and they need to serve chinese food
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
I'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the city center.
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve mediterranean food.
Can you tell me more about gourmet burger kitchen? Where is it?
I'm looking for a nice Italian restaurant. Nothing too expensive...like mid range?
I'm looking for a place to stay in the city centre that has free parking.
Hi. I'm interested in finding a good restaurant near the center of town. Do you have any listings that fall in the expensive price range?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. I also need the address and type of food they serve.
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves malaysian food
Hi, can you help me find a 4 star guesthouse?
Hi, I am planning my upcoming trip and am looking for a place to stay. Can you recommend something for me?
Hi. I'm looking for a relatively expensive international restaurant to dine at this evening. Is there one that you would recommend?
I am looking for a restaurant serving Persian food in the expensive price range.
Are there any available rooms in the Autumn House?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in. I prefer something in the expensive price range, and also one that offers free parking.
I'm trying to find a restaurant called The Slug and Lettuce. Do you know where that is?
I am looking for a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse.
Hello, is there any 4 star places to stay in the north?
I am looking for somewhere to stay in the east.
I am looking for a restaurant called Galleria.
I need a moderate priced restaurant please.
Hello. I'm trying to find an inexpensive restaurant that serves Moroccan food. Can you help me?
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.
Really would like to find a place that serves Indian food in the North
Can you help me find information about a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel?
What can you tell me about the El Shaddai?
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge
I'd like information about a restaurant in South that serves English food.
I will be visiting Cambridge soon and need a place to stay. I am looking for a guesthouse with at least a star 3 rating.
Hello! I need a place to stay, can you help me find something in a moderate price range?
I want a restaurant serving mediterranean food and I don't care about the price range.
I am looking for a hotel by the name of home from home.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant to go to.
Can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking? It doesn't need to include internet.
Could you help me locate the Alpha Milton Guest House?
Can I have a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
Hey, could you tell me if there are any panasian restaurants in the east side of town?
I'm looking for a pricey Indian place. I wanna show off to my date.
I want a hotel with free parking in the center of town.
I need a cheap place to dine please.
I am looking for a place to stay and it doesn't need free parking , but I would like it to be cheap.
I would like to know more about Rosa's b&b
Do you have information about the Lovell Lodge?
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
Hello, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant located in the south part of town.
I need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range with free parking.
Can you check if there are any moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town?
I'm looking for a posh British restaurant to take my bird to, know of one?
I am looking for a place to dine that serves Sri Lankan food in the moderate price range.
Is there an expensive restaurant serving caribbean food?
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking.
I want to find information on a restaurant called Wagamama.
I'm looking for a portuguese restaurant in the south side.
Is there a place to stay in the north area of town? Can it have free wifi access too?
Can you tell me about a particular hotel called the avalon?
I need to find a cheap place to eat.
Hello, I am looking for info on a restaurant in the west that serves french food.
Can you suggest some places to dine?
What can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?
Hi I am planning a trip and need to find a cheap place to stay in the west part of Cambridge.
I have to book a place to eat that serves irish food and is located in the centre, can you help me?
I need information about places to stay that have a 4-star rating and offer free wifi.
I'm looking for a place called gonville hotel.
what is a good tourist spot?
I'm so tired. Really need a place to lay my head for the nights. Can you find me some 3-star lodgings somewhere in the south?
yes you can help me I need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the moderate price range.
Could you help me finding some place to eat for dinner?
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center part of town? Thanks.
Hi, I need a place to stay. Something expensive on the north side.
I would like some information of the restaurant called Royal Standard.
I'm looking for a gastropub food restaurant in the centre of Cambridge please.
Are there any high end restaurants within the centre of town?
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town that is in the cheap price range.
I need to find a hotel with free wifi to stay at. Can you help me?
Hello any restaurants suggestions ? I am also looking for nice 4 star hotels with wifi.
I'm looking for a casual Sri Lankan restaurant.
I am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.
I am looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.
Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star place that offers free wifi.
Are there any hotels where the wifi doesn't cost extra?
Hi there. I could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4 star rated.
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Can you help me find something moderately priced?
Please help me find a place to dine that is moderately priced and is in the centre. Thanks.
I need a particular hotel please.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
looking for barbeque food.
I am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the east part of town.
Hello, I'd like to dine at a cheap restaurant in the centre. What do you suggest?
I'd like a european food place in the west please.
Can you give me some information on the Bloomsbury Restaurant?
I'm looking for a hotel called acorn guest house
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves russian food.
I'm looking for a restaurant can you help?
I want to find an expensive restaurant
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east part of town.
Yes, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
need a place to eat european food, expensive too.
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants. I do need help with some other places to go in town while I am there though.
Hi! I'm looking for information on the Rice House restaurant.
Hello! I would like to go to a restaurant in the east, please.
I'm looking for some moderately priced accommodations for my visit. Can you help me with that?
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves fusion food.
I need a place to stay in the north please.
I would like to book a popular, cheap restaurant.
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking while I'm in Cambridge. Thanks.
Can you help me find a place to eat that serves unusual food in the centre?
I am looking for some restaurant recommendations.
I'm looking for a restaurant, something moderately priced.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food.
Hello can you help me find a place to stay, such as a hotel? Also it needs to be at a reasonable price with free parking.
I am looking for a hotel tonight.
I need to find a restaurant in anatolia
Is it possible to get any Greek food in the centre part of town?
I am looking for a cuban restaurant in the north part of town.
I am trying to find a restaurant in the south of the city that serves modern American food.
I am looking for a cheap hotel with free wifi
I am looking for a particular restaurant. It is called pizza hut city centre.
I would like to locate a particular hotel
I would like to know more about a restaurant called the panahar if you could help?
Hi! I'm looking for a guesthouse.
Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay that has free parking.
Yes, Hi! I am looking for a hotel in the tampa bay area.
I need a place to stay that includes free parking and should be in the west please.
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.
I would like to find a Danish restaurant with a moderate price range.
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. What is the phone number and type of food?
Can you get me information on a restaurant called golden house?
I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves british food
I am looking for Korean food, in the Centre of town.
I need a restaurant that serves european food please
Hello, I'm looking for a 4 star place on the westside to stay at.
I need assistance finding a restaurant that is cheap and serves british food, can you help me?
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant serving chinese food.
I would like info about the Cityroomz hotel please
I need a restaurant
I'm looking for a cheap indian restaurant.
Are there any moderately priced restaurants in the southern part of town?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves unusual food.
I want portuguese food and I don't care about the price range. What is the address and phone number?
Are there any Danish restaurants on the east side of town?
I am excited to visit some of your attractions. Can you help me find a place to stay in the east part of town?
I need a hotel, in the south.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel, the archway house?
What restaurants in the centre are cheap?
Hello. I am looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in in Cambridge. Can you help?
Hi, I'd like information for the restaurant called Travellers Rest please.
I am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking
I am heading to Cambridge soon and am looking to find a nice expensive restaurant to eat at.
I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves crossover food. Can you recommend anything?
I am looking for a hotel that can offer me both free wifi and free parking.
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant by the name of Cote. Can you find this for me and book a reservation please?
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
I am looking for a place to dine
Hi, I am looking for a place to stay.
can i please have a cheap restaurant in the west ?
i want a place for dinner and serves a mexican food,where can i find it?please first pick for me a taxi to that place should be to the north.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the east and should be in the moderate price range
Hello! I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
Yes can you book me a 3 star hotel that offers free parking?
i am looking for a place to stay, a hotel maybe, that has free wifi and should be a 4-star
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should be in the north
I'm looking for a great European restaurant. Can you help with that?
Hi there. I am hoping you could help me find a british restaurant in town.
I'd like to find a 4 star lodging with free parking.
I'm looking for a 4 star place to stay that has free wifi.
Hello! My friends told me about a hotel called Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Can you get me some information about it, please?
I am looking to eat at a north restaurant in the expensive price range.
Good morning. Would you be able to tell me if you have any info on a certain hotel?
need a restaurant serving turkish style venue
Can you help me find a moderately priced hotel?
I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. Can you help me?
I would like to find a restaurant called Pipasha.
I am looking for a hotel by the name of The Lensfield Hotel.
I want to find a restaurant serving gastropub food in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.
Are there any guesthouses in the north area of town?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
Yes, I am looking for an expensive hotel to stay that includes free parking.
I need a hotel with free wifi. I'm broke, though, so find me a 0-star hole in the wall.
Hello. I am looking for a recommendation for a place to eat.
Hi, I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of cambridge please.
I would like a malaysian restaurant in the centre of town.
Are there any hotel rooms left?
I am interested in finding the Lensfield Hotel.
I am looking for a 3-star guesthouse. Can you please help me?
I am looking for a nice bistro in Cambridge, moderately priced would be good.
I'm looking for a hotel in the south part of town.
Yes, I need a hotel in the moderate price range please.
I would like a restaurant that serves portuguese food
I'd like to find a moderately priced Italian restaurant.
Hello! Can you help me find a restaurant somewhere in the center of Cambridge please?
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and am looking for a hotel.
Yes I needed information about a particular restaurant.
Can you let me now what guesthouses in the area have free parking?
I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that does not need free parking.
Yeah, I'm going to be looking for some british food.
Hi. Please help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at.
Please find me a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.
I am looking for a place serving Indian food in the west.
I need some information on a place to eat call the nirala.
I need to find an expensive restauant that's in the south section of the city.
I'm looking for a hotel in the east, and it doesn't need to include internet.
I would like a moderately prices restaurant in the East part of town. I would like the phone number and postcode, please.
A french restaurant in the centre part of town. Please give me address and phone number.
I need an expensive restaurant in the west of town.
I need a place to stay that is cheap.
Do you have any restaurants in the center of town that serve The Americas cuisine?
Please find me a place in the South that serves Chinese food
I'm looking for this hotel called home from home, please.
Could you recommend a Chinese restaurant for me to try?
I am looking for a place to stay in cambridge in the moderate price range with 4 stars
I need to get to a restaurant known as the Lucky star
Hi, I'm trying to find a place to stay called the cambridge belfry. What can you tell me about that?
Is the alpha-milton guest house still in operation?
Hi, I'm looking for a Persian restaurnt in the north part of the city.
I'm looking for a gastropub.
Hello, have you heard of the Royal Spice Restaurant by chance?
I'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
Can you tell me about any Modern European places in the expensive range?
I need a guesthouse in the center of the town please.
Hi, I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves gastropub food and is expensively priced.
Can you find me a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of guesthouse
I am looking for directions to Jinling Noodle Bar, can you help me?
I am visiting Cambridge and would like to stay at Allenbell can you help give me some information on it?
Hi there, I'd love to find a guesthouse with free parking.
Please help me locate a restaurant in the centre that serves South Indian food. Thanks.
Hi, I'm looking for information on the Autumn House. It's a hotel.
I'm in search of a place to stay. A hotel, please, with free parking.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. What would you recommend?
Can you help me find a very cheap restaurant in the north?
I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves chinese food. What is the phone number?
Hey, when I was a kid my parents took me to a place called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. Is it still around?
I am looking for a German restaurant in the west.
I'm looking for a local restaurant to try in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a guesthouse rental that has free parking.
I am looking for a restaurant named Hakka. Can you tell me how to get there?
I am looking for a place to stay in the south.
Can you locate any four star places to stay?
I'm looking for some caribbean food.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that has free parking.
I'm looking for a particular B&B. Do you handle those?
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town.
I'm looking for a place to stay that provides wifi without any extra charges. Can you find something like that for me?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that is in the moderate price range.
A moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, please.
I am looking for a chinese restaurant in the south.
Can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free parking?
I need a hotel room. Are there any left?
i need a 4 star place to stay which should include free wifi.
I would like to find a 2 star hotel to stay at that also includes free parking. Do you have any suggestions?
I want to dine in a place in the west.
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants. Can you help me find a place that serves Russian food?
I am looking for a restaurant that servers modern european food.
Can you help me find a hotel that has free wifi?
I'm going on a date and need an expensive restaurant on the north side of town.
I'm looking for cheap eats in the centre.
I am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse located in the center of town.
I need a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
I want a restaurant in the south part of town and serves panasian food.
I need a place to eat that is cheap.
I'm looking for an expensive place to stay at in the north section of town, can you help with this?
Can you help me find a place to stay that has a 4 star rating?
I'm looking for a pricy restaurant in the city centre
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called arbury lodge guesthouse
Know anywhere that has european food?
can you help me find a cheap hotel?
Hi. I'm looking for a hotel in the east. The internet is not needed.
I need a place to eat in the moderate price.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called city stop restaurant
Hi, I'm looking for an Indian restaurant. I'd prefer something on the west side.
Hi, I I'm looking for a hotel to stay at that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.
looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre.
Can you help me find a restaurant in the middle price range?
Hello, I would like to eat somewhere expensive in the North.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves indian food and is located close to the centre, can you help me please?
I am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves vegetarian food.
I'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.
I'm looking for a high end restaurant in the centre, can you help me out?
I'm looking for yu garden, can you help me find it?
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay at, and I don't require free parking.
Hi, is there a moderately priced international cuisine restaurant in Cambridge?
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that offers free parking for guests.
Hi, are there any modern global restaurants in the centre?
I'm looking for a guesthouse style place to stay. It needs to have free parking.
i need a moderately priced hotel in south cambridge.
Can you find me a guesthouse that includes wi-fi?
I've got a craving for some pasta. Can you find me a good Italian restaurant on the west side of the city?
I'm looking for a hotel in the North with free wifi.
What can you dig up about the pizza express Fen Ditton?
I'd like to find the Lensfield Hotel.
Can you find me an expensive hotel?
I want afghan food in the centre of town.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the phone number?
I am looking for international food anywhere in town.
I'm looking for a place to eat that is japanese that is in the mid price range please.
Hello, I am looking for a Lebanese restaurant in the centre of town.
i need to find a place to stay in the east side
What have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?
I am looking for Italian food in the north part of town.
I am trying to find the Acorn Guest House.
Hello! I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
Hi I need a cheap hotel in the three star range, please.
I'm looking for a particular hotel called "rosa's bed and breakfast".
I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves austrian food.
I need to find a place to stay. I want a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
I would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
Hello, can you recommend a cheap hotel with free parking, please?
I'm looking an expensive restaurant in the center.
Yes, I am looking for information for a restaurant of moderate price serving catalan food.
Howdy, I'm looking for a place to stay. I don't care about internet.
I want to find a 4 star hotel with a moderate price.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves african food.
I am looking for information for Warkworth House.
I want to know about 4 star hotels that include free parking for guests.
A moderately priced restaurant in the south, please.
l am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve gastropub food and should be in the center.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in and I would like it to have free parking.
I would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves thai food
I am looking for a place to eat. I want to eat modern european food in the expensive price range please.
Are there any Indian restaurants there?
Do you know of any moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town? I'll need the address and phone number.
Can you give me some suggestions on restaurants? I'm interested in a cheap Mediterranean restaurant.
I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town serving persian food.
Yes, I would be interested in the British food fare that is available. Just a nice local restaurant with good expensive food would be nice. Thank you.
I am looking for a cheap place to eat in the east part of town.
Hello, can you recommend local restaurants?
Hello, I need some assistance with finding a nice Italian restaurant in centre of Cambridge.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Mexican food.
Are there any expensive Portuguese restaurants in Cambridge?
I am looking for a guesthouse type room that includes free wifi.
Don't care about price, just looking for thai food.
Hello are you familiar with Rosa's bed and breakfast? I've been looking for this hotel for forever!
I'm looking for info on a restaurant called La Tasca.
I need lodgings, and I'd like to stay in an expensive guesthouse.
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves greek food
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant on the south side of town.
I need information on a hotel named,"rosa's bed and breakfast".
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
I am looking for an expensive French restaurant.
Hi, Have you heard of the J Restaurant? I'd like some information about it.
I'd like to find an east side restaurant that is expensive.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north part of town.
I'm trying to find a hotel called Worth House. Can you help me?
What can you tell me about the hotel el shaddai?
I need a hotel and I need free wifi and parking.
I need a place to stay in the East. I don't need to have access to the Internet.
I am looking for a place to stay with a guesthouse set up and free parking.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre, please.
I'm looking for a Korean restaurant that's expensive.
I want a place to stay in the east.
Can you find me a guesthouse with free parking?
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.
Hello. I'm trying to plan my trip to Cambridge and need to find a hotel with free parking.
Are there any moderately priced places to eat with British styled food?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve asian oriental food and should be in the centre
I am looking for Japanese food in the south part of town.
I'm looking for a place to stay. I need to find free parking and I only want to stay in a hotel and not any thing else other than that.
I am interested at eating at an expensive place in the west part of town.
I need a hotel the next town over.
I need a place to stay and I would like a guesthouse.
I need a nice place to stay, do you have those?
Hi, I'm looking for a particular restaurant named Bedouin. Can you help?
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west.
I need a place in the north with free wifi, please.
Are there any Lebanese restaurants in the city?
Can you help me find a resturant?
I am looking for a place serving expensive indian food
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for an expensive hotel, but it doesn't need free parking.
I am looking for an expensive chinese restaurant to eat at.
I'm looking for a place, I think it's called the Arbury Guesthouse and Lodge. Can you help me?
Can you recommend a restaurant to me in the South part of town? I don't want to spend a lot of money.
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant that serves british food. What is the address and phone number?
Hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called hakka?
I'm visiting Cambridge as a tourist! I'm looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking!
I'd like to find out more about the bloomsbury restaurant
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the moderate price range and in the west part of town.
I need a cheap hotel.
I need the address of an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
Could you help me find a moderately priced 4 star hotel?
I would like a hotel with free wifi located in the centre.
I am looking for a cheap place to have a meal.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to eat - moderately priced in the centre area.
Can you give me info on four start places, It doesn;t matter if they have free wifi or not.
Can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free wifi?
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Bangkok City restaurant?
Have you ever heard of a hotel called the Ashley Hotel?
I want to find an expensive 4 star hotel.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town in the expensive price range. Can you help me find one?
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves south indian food.
I am looking for a restaurant that sell seafood,will prefer one in the center of the city.
I'm wanting to find a restaurant. The location I want is the west and I want something in the moderate price range. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a place to stay that has free parking.
I am looking for a cheap room, free parking.
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the south part of town. Could you recommend me three restaurants?
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of town.
Yes, can you lookup the chiquito restaurant bar for me.
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant in the area. It should serve Spanish food, and it should also be in the more expensive price range. Can you possibly help me?
I need to book a hotel. I need it to be in the town center, and have a minimum star rating of 4.
Hello I am looking for a restaurant called J restaurant
I would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town, please.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves Welsh food.
Hello there. I am traveling to Cambridge and am most looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants. Can you help me find a good one?
I am looking for a restaurant to dine at in the centre of town. Could you recommend me any expensive places to try?
I'm looking for specific restaurant.
Can you help me find a place to eat called sala thong?
I would like to know if there is an Italian restaurant nearby me.
Hello, I'd like to get some info about a restaurant in Cambridge!
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called city centre north b and b
I'd like to find a moderately priced place located in the north part of town.
I want to eat. I am looking for a Jamaican restaurant with a moderate price range please.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant please.
Hi, is there a restaurant in town called the rice boat?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves indian food in the centre?
Yes, I'm looking for hotels in the north area.
I am looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.
Can you help me find a restaurant in the south that doesn't cost a lot of money. In fact, I need one that's quite inexpensive.
Where can I find portuguese food?
I need to find a restaurant in the south to dine at that serves New Zealand food. Can you help?
I need a 4 star place to stay.
Can you find me a corsica restaurant?
I need an indian restaurant in the centre.
Hi, I'd like some info on where to eat in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a latin american restaurant in the moderate price range.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town, please.
Can you help me find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking?
Find a budget hotel with free parking in Cambridge.
I would like a hotel to stay in while I visit cambridge.
I'm looking for a place to eat.
I'm just looking for a hotel called Leverton House.
I'm looking for the university arms hotel. Can you give me more information about it?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. Could I get the address and phone number please?
i need a place to stay
I want an expensive restaurant and serves danish food.
I want to make a booking at the alexander bed and breakfast.
Can I get some information on the arbury lodge guesthouse?
Can you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant to dine at?
I need a three-star place to stay please.
Can you find the restaurant names Loch Fyne?
We want to try a local restaurant that serves Asian or oriental food.
I'm looking for a gastropub in the east.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serving Turkish food.
I want to stay at an expensive 4 star hotel.
What do we have to eat in the expensive european food range?
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving swedish food
I need the phone number and post code of a restaurant in the east part of town.
I need the address and phone number of a restaurant that serves polish.
I want some welsh food. Moderately priced please.
Hi, I am looking for a British-themed restaurant in the centre.
Greetings, I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant to take some clients.
Find me places to stay in town that include free parking and free wifi.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Thai food.
Thank you. I just happen to be looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be located west and it doesn't need to have free parking or anything like that.
I am looking for an upscale restaurant with European food, please.
I'm needing a 4 star guest house today.
Give me an expensive japanese place to eat in the centre of the town please.
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves indian food in the centre.
Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?
Would you happen to have any expensive Creative restaurants?
I am looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre of town.
I would like to find a guesthouse in Cambridge that has free wifi.
Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi please.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
Can you give me information on a restaurant called graffiti?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in. It should have free internet and parking.
I'd like a restaurant with Korean food please.
I would like to stay at Rosa's bed and breakfast in cambridge. can you give tell me their contact information and location?
I need some information on a place called Pizza express.
I want to find a restaurant in any area and serves scottish food.
Any good places to eat in centre?
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that is a 2 star hotel with or without free parking.
moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town please
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve british food
I'm looking for Hotels in the center area of town.
Hello. I'm trying to find a restaurant called Graffiti. Can you help me locate it?
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
I want to find a chinese restaurant in the east. Do you know of any?
I need the address, phone number and postcode for a moderately priced restaurant serving international food.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves mexican food
I need to find Local Restaurants in Cambridge where I can dine and I also need an expensive 4 Star Hotel I can stay in while in Cambridge.
I am looking for a hotel on the east side, and I would prefer a four star hotel
I'm looking for a 3-star hotel that offers free wifi
Hi, I'm really looking forward to coming to Cambridge. You have an Express by Holiday Inn, right?
Could you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town?
Please help me find a four star hotel.
I would like to find a place to stay next weekend
I am looking for a Chinese place in the centre.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the city centre.
I am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range. It must include free parking.
I would like information on the Gonville hotel.
Is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?
I need a hotel in the center of town with a star of 0.
I'm looking for unusual and expensive cuisine in the west. Do you have any suggestions?
i am new here. i need a place to stay with free wifi
What is the address for find pizza hut city centre?
I'm planning your trip in Cambridge.i'm looking for a place to dine in the east with chinese food
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay with free wifi please.
I need a hotel in the south
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant please?
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel with a star of 0 and it needs free wifi.
Can you please help me find a guesthouse that offers free parking?
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
Hello! I'm needing a place to stay in the center of town. Parking is not important to me. What do you have?
I'm looking for a restaurant on the North end that serves yummy Chinese food
I'm looking for pizza hut fen ditton.
I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
I would like a restaurant that serves swiss food
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Spanish food in the centre of town.
Can I ask you for a restaurant suggestion in the north today?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
I'd like to find out if there are any 4-star rated guesthouses in Cambridge
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves turkish food
Do you know where I can find the Peking Restaurant?
i need a place to stay
I need help finding a guesthouse to stay at.
I'm looking for a seafood restaurant in the moderate price range.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range
I Am looking for a four star guest house..
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town.
Do you have any information on a hotel called the Acorn Guesthouse?
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves vietnamese food
I am looking for a hotel in the expensive price range.
I am looking for an expensive Danish place.
Hello! Can you tell me about the Indian restaurants you have in the center of town?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Australian food and in the cheap price range.
Can you help me find a restaurant?
I would like a hotel while in cambridge. It doesn't need parking or internet.
I'm looking for a guest house that offers free parking.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the east.
Are there any 3-star hotels, guesthouses, or B&B's that have wifi that you don't have to pay for?
I need a place to stay in the cheap price range.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Meghna.
i'm looking for a place to stay that includes internet and free parking
I am looking for a danish restaurant in the centre of town.
I would like a restaurant in centre city serving spanish food.
I am looking for a particular restaurant
Find me an expensive moroccan restaurant please.
Can you tell me more about the peking restaurant? Thank you.
What have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?
I want turkish food.
Can you tell me where the restaurant Tandoori Palace is located?
Yes, I am looking for information for the Kirkwood House. Can you help me?
I need a hotel to stay at that is 3 stars. I would preferably like one that has free wifi at it, and possibly close to the local restaurants.
can you tell me if there is a moderately priced restaurant serving spanish food anywhere in town?
Yes I am looking for a local restaurant to dine that will serve expensive european food
I am hoping you can help me find a hotel with free wifi in the north.
I'm looking for an indian restaurant in the south area of town.
I need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.
Hello, I am looking for an Indonesian restaurant. Can you help me with that?
Can you help me find a hotel called Limehouse? Thanks.
I am looking for a danish restaurant
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town?
I need help locating a moderately priced Italian restaurant.
I'm looking for a restaurant named hakka
Please find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
I'm looking for vietnamese food. I would like the restaurant name and address.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called j restaurant.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to eat, preferably a cheap South Indian restaurant.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the east and should serve swiss food
I would like to find a 1 star hotel to stay at that includes free parking. Do you know of any?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves Brazilian food.
Hello! Can you give me some info on a restaurant please?
Greetings! I'm looking for the Worth House, I heard it's in Cambridge.
I would like a restaurant that serves world food. It should be a really good restaurant, and it's OK if it's expensive.
Hi. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Venetian food. I'd like to stay in the west part of town. Can you find me a phone number?
Find me a turkish restaurant in the centre please
Yes, please help me find a restaurant in the center of town.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center with a moderite price range.
Hello, I'm looking for some information about places to stay in Cambridge. I would like to know the most inexpensive price range located to the north.
I need a place to stay. I would like a 4 star place in the east area.
I want to eat gastropub food.
There's a place I've heard of that I'm looking for more details. Warkworth House. Do you know of it?
I'd like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
I'd like to find a good restaurant in the center.
Can you help me find a particular hotel?
I'm looking for a chinese food restaurant in the centre.
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves sri lankan food that is moderately priced?
I am looking for a hotel in the north part of Cambridge. Preferably a 4 star or greater. Can you recommend one?
Good Morning, I am planning a trip to Cambridge. Can you help me with that?
I am craving Turkish food in the centre. Is there a restaurant available?
Can you help me find a restaurant i am looking for? Its name is the Rice Boat.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel.
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.
Hi, could you help me find out more information about Panahar restaurant in your area?
Please, if you can, find me a restaurant in the centre that serves Indian food
Please help me locate an expensive restaurant located in the centre. Thanks.
Yes I am looking for information on a hotel called City Center North B and B.
need a hotel with free wifi please
I want to find a guesthouse in the south area of Cambridge.
Hopefully you can help me with my planning. I am looking for a place to stay and have no idea what to choose.
Hi. Can you help me find an inexpensive restaurant on the West side of town?
I don't care about the price range. Just recommend me a restaurant that serves European food. I would also like to get the phone number and directions.
I need lodgings on the north side of town.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Thai food.
i am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the west.
I am looking to stay at a guesthouse that has a 3 star rating.
I would like a cheap restaurant which serves italian food
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving italian food.
Hi, I am looking for a cheap Italian restaurant please.
I need to find a hotel in the west of town and have at least a 4 star rating.
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves Vietnamese food in the East.
Hello! Can you please recommend a 3-star hotel?
I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range that serves indian food.
I need a cheap place with a free WiFi to stay. Can you assist to find one?
I want expensive Korean food. I want the address and area of town.
I'm looking for a North African restaurant.
I am looking for a place to stay
i am lookingfor a place to stay
I want to find some international food in the east part of town.
I need to find a hotel to stay in, some place with free parking. Thank you.
Would you happen to know if there are any cheap restaurants with scottish cuisine?
Are there any casual restaurants in the south?
I am looking for a hotel called the alpha-milton guest house.
Can you find a moderately priced restaurant in the east side?
Where is the closest pizza joint?
Where is Finches Bed and Breakfast located?
May I have information for an italian restaurant in the east part of town?
Hi, I'm looking to try Eritrean food. Do you have a restaurant listing?
i am looking for a spanish restaurant in the moderate price range
Can you help me find a place to dine in Cambridge?
I'm looking for a cuban restaurant.
I am look for a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and it should include free parking.
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?
I would like a European restaurant in the west part of town, please.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the cheap price range
Hi I am looking for a guesthouse that has a star rating of 0.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. I'd also like the restaurant's phone number.
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.
I am looking for a restaurant
I need some portuguese food! I need a restaurant in any area. Please give me a phone number.
I would like to find a restaurant in the centre of town that serves irish food
I am looking for a cheap room in a guest house.
i need a place to stay
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town.
Hello I am looking for a hotel on the west side of town. I'm not picky about wi-fi.
I am looking for an expensive hotel that includes free parking.
Hi. I am looking for a hotel to stay in.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should have a star of 4
I am planning my trip and would like to find a guesthouse to stay at.
I'm looking for a British restaurant on the west side.
I'd like you to tell me about great Indian restaurants in the area. It's okay if they are expensive.
Hello, I need a hotel that's moderately priced, please.
I am looking for an expensive French restaurant in town.
I need a place to stay in South of town.
Hi there! I need a 4-star accommodation with free wifi.
I want to find a place to eat that serves indian food in the centre of town.
I need a place to dine in the center that serves modern European food.
I am looking for a place to eat in expensive price range that serves Turkish food.
Sure. I am looking for a restaurant near the centre of Cambridge.
I need a place to stay that has free wifi. I don't need parking though. Thank you.
I'm hoping to find Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
I need information on a restaurant called saffron brasserie please.
i want a reservation that has expensive price range and should be in the centre
Can you find a restaurant in the centre that serves chinese food?
I am looking for a place to stay, I'd prefer a hotel.
I would like to book at room at alexander bed and breakfast
I want to stay at a guest house, in the south.
I am looking for a restaurant on the eastern side of town.
Hi, I am looking for restaurant in the west, somewhere that serves Northern European food.
Hi I am looking for a place to eat that is in the moderate price range and also in the centre.
Is the travellers rest restaurant still open?
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre.
I want to book the Archway House in Cambridge.
Please find me a guesthouse that offers free parking
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre what serves world food.
I would like a moderate european place to eat.
I'm looking for an expensive place to get some British food.
A moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town, please
Yeah, hi. I could use some help finding something priced kind of moderately to stay at this weekend.
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Carribbean food. Do you have any like that?
I'm looking for a place serving spanish food somewhere in town.
I am looking for a restaurant called curry garden.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
I need a cheap room, free parking.
I'm looking for a place that has Chinese food.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called cafe uno.
Find me a place to stay. I need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.
I am looking for ALexeander b&b.
Help me find an expensive restaurant.
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant in the west.
What are some expensive british restaurants to dine at?
I am looking for a polish restaurant that is in the moderate price range.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the south and should serve french food
I need a four star room, free wifi too,
Could you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant?
Can you help me find a place to dine?
I am trying to locate information about four star hotels in Cambridge.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse in the west. Do you have any recommendations?
I would like an expensive Romanian restaurant, please.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.
I'm looking for a 4-star place to stay, it doesn't need to include internet.
I would like a restaurant that serves irish food
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves international food.
I'm in the city centre right now, and I'm really craving some Indian food. Can you help me find a place?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves christmas food.
Could you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves Mediterranean food?
I am looking for a restaurant in the city's center that is in th cheap price range.
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called nandos city centre.
I need a place to stay with 4 stars.
Hello. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves good Chinese food, preferable in the city centre. Can you help me locate one?
Need a place to eat, modern euro food at the centre.
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the cheap price range and in the east part of town.
I'm visiting the north side of Cambridge, can you help me find a hotel there?
Please suggest me a venetian restaurant in the moderate price range .
I want some information on the university arms hotel please
Caribbean food in the east part of town. If no such place, Indian.
I am looking for a cheap place to stay that has free wifi.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
I'm looking for a hotel called warkworth house
Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel in town with free parking and free wifi.
I'm looking for a place to eat tonight.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am so excited to try some of your local restaurants. Can you help me choose one?
Can you recommend a good restaurant in the north part of town that serves Australasian food?
I am looking for a place that serves African food. I don't care about the price range.
i want a place to stay
I'm looking for a place to stay. A 0-star hotel is fine with me as long as it fits my moderate budget
I'm trying to find an Irish restaurant that can provide me with some unique fine dining. I expect this to be expensive, can you give me some options?
Hello! I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern global food.
I'm looking for some places that serve crossover food.
I am looking for information on the Warkworth House.
I would like to dine at a cheap restaurant on the west side of town. What are my choices?
I am wanting an expensive restaurant that offers African food. What is their number?
I need a hotel, parking doesn't matter to me though.
I"m looking for a hotel in the east.
I was told about a great place to eat called the copper kettle.
I'm trying to plan a trip there. I need to find a cheap restaurant.
I'm looking for a place to eat, maybe Austrian food.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should serve international food.
I am looking for Basque food, in the Centre of town.
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves expensive new zealand food and is in the center area.
Is there a cheap swedish restaurant in town?
I am planning a trip and would love some suggestions on a place to stay when I arrive in Cambridge.
Hello, I am looking for a venetian restaurant in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Loch Fyne. Can you tell me a bit about it?
i want an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
i need a hotel in the north
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. I would prefer to stay in the North at a 3 Star location.
Can you help me find and expensive Thai restaurant?
I'm looking to find a place to stay in Cambridge, if you could help me?
I'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, free parking and wifi should be included
Hello, can you help with my planning? I am looking for a place to stay.
I want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.
I need a hotel and I need free wifi and parking.
I am looking for a restaurant called Cocum.
What's the address of Leverton House?
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.
Can you help me out with some information on a specific hotel?
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food.
Can you help me find a cheap guesthouse that I can stay at?
I am visiting in the northern area of town. I need to find me a place to stay for the night. Can you help?
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help me?
Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
I would like to find a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town.
Hey! I'm coming into town and I need a guesthouse style of lodging on the south of town.
I'm looking for some information on a restaurant called the varsity restaurant.
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. What is the address?
What do you have in the way of guesthouses in the north?
Hello, I can't wait to try some local restaurants when I travel there next week. I could use some help with places to go in town though.
Can you tell me some info on the Avalon hotel?
I need a Hotel to stay in Cambridge that has free parking but may not have free wifi.
I need to find a cheap place to eat in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
I am looking for a place to eat in Cambridge thats is indian with moderate pricing
I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge that is expensive and includes free parking.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north.
I need a place to stay in the north of town.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the east.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
I am looking for information on the hamilton lodge hotel.
Are there any expensive places to eat in the east?
Please help me find a restaurant that serves british food near the centre of town.
So, I need a guesthouse with free parking.
I would like to find an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge.
I need to find a modern european restaurant in the south please.
Hi, I need a guest house to stay in, please.
I am looking for a 0 star hotel to stay at somewhere in the north area.
Got any fish and chip shops on the westside?
I am looking for the address and phone number for the Backstreet Bistro please.
I need help finding a hotel that has free wifi and parking, can you help?
I am looking for a place to stay with free parking.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
Is there an inexpensive restaurant which serves Scandinavian food?
I'm looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the west section of Cambridge.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in over the weekend. I don't need internet or free parking.
I'm on a tight budget so I need to find a cheap restaurant that serves chinese food
I need to get some information on a restaurant named eraina
I need a room, in the south, free wifi.
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel to stay at in the area, no guesthouses please.
Hi! I'd like to find an expensive Indian restaurant to dine at.
I'm wanting Indian food, is there a restaurant that serves that near the centre of town?
Can you tell me about the Carolina B&B?
Hi, i am looking for a indian restaurant on the west side of town.
I would like to find a European in the moderate price range.
Need a place to eat with moderate prices, but needs to have russian food.
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town.
Hello there. Any suggestions on a good seafood restaurant located in the centre of town?
I want to find a place to stay in the north that doesn't need to have free internet.
Yes I need to find a hotel in the north that has a star rating of 4.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of the city please.
I need information to find the huntingdon marriott hotel.
I have a particular restaurant that I need to find please.
I'm looking for a moderately priced polish food restaurant.
Hello, I would love to try a few local restaurants and am looking for a hotel with free parking and 0 stars.
I need some cheap Caribbean eats somewhere.
I want to try some local restaurants. What are your recommendations?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves modern European food.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay that is in the moderate price range with free wifi.
I'd like some information on a restaurant called Kymmoy, please.
What are my options for pricier hotels that include wifi free?
I'm looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
i'm looking for university arms hotel
Hey any ideals for a cheap chines restaurant ?
I want to visit an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. I need the address, phone number, and type of food.
I'm looking for some info on a hotel called the cambrdige belfry.
Hi! I am attempting to find a restaurant in Cambridge called Traveller's Rest. Do you know of it?
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the north that serves African?
I need a guesthouse with a moderate price.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves belgian food
Yes can you tell me something about the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar?
Hi I am looking to get some info on the aylesbray lodge guest house
Can you find me a restaurant with a moderate price range?
I am looking for a hotel called Warkworth House.
Hi, can you help me locate a hotel named City Centre B and B. Really looking forward to trying different restaurants.
I need a two star room, free parking included.
Hello, I'd like to stay in a two star guesthouse. Know of anything good?
I'm hoping you can help me find a restaurant.
Can you help me find a hotel in Cambridge, preferably with free wi-fi, please?
Hello, I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant on the north side of town.
Sure, can you help me find a particular hotel?
Yes I am looking for a hotel on the North side of town. I am not needing parking.
Hello, can you recommend a 4-star hotel with free parking, please?
Hi! Could you please help me find a good hotel? I'd like it to be on the north end of town.
i need a place to stay.
I am looking for a moderately priced place to stay with free wifi.
I'm looking for a restaurant, somewhere not too expensive, but not bottom of the barrel either, something in the mid range.
Can you give me some information on the Alpha Milton guesthouse?
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre
I am looking for a cheap place to stay that includes free parking.
I am looking for a 3 star hotel that has free wifi
Where can I find the galleria restaurant?
I'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves welsh food.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food.
In the west part of town, are there any upscale pricey restaurants?
Thank you.I am looking for a guest house .I am also looking for one that is rather cheap.
Hi, I want a French restaurant in the expensive price range.
Hi, I'm looking for a Basque restaurant in the west part of town.
I am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel.
I be traveling to Cambridge and can't wait to try the restaurants, but could you help me with a finding a hotel?
Hello, please find me a place to dine in the north area that serves polish food.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve persian food
I would like a moderately priced Indian food please.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves kosher food.
I need a four star room, free parking too.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
Have you ever heard of the hotel Avalon?
I am looking for a restaurant called the Slug and Lettuce.
I need help finding a particular hotel.
Hi, I am planning a trip. Have you heard of a particular hotel? I think it is called the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.
I'm looking for a 3 star lodging with free parking.
I'd really like to find a moderately priced guesthouse.
Is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
i need to eat australian food in a place that is expensive
I'd like to find a restaurant. The restaurant should be expensive in price, only the finest in food. Also, I'd like it if the restaurant was in the centre of town.
Hello Cambridge Towninfo Center representative. I desire a place to stay that 5 stars, cheap and includes free wifi. Can you help?
I'm just needing a place to stay.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.
I am looking for a place to stay and it should include free wifi and free parking.
I'm looking for a guesthouse. But I won't have a car with me, so I don't need any rigamarole with "free" parking.
I'm looking for a place to stay, maybe a guesthouse in the moderate price range.
Hello. I am looking for a hotel that is cheap and also has a 2 star rating.
Yes, I'd like some information on finding a particular restaurant. The restaurant should serve a variety of Jamaican food and ideally I'd like it to be located in the south please.
I need to find an expensive restaurant on the north side.
Can you help me with some information on a restaurant called luca cucina and bar?
Are there any hotels (not guesthouses) that have 0 stars?
I want to find a hotel in the moderate price range. I don't need free parking.
I'm looking for a place to dine, in the cheap price range, that serves molecular gastronomy.
I'm looking for some 4-star accommodations.
Are there cheap places to eat in the centre part of town?
I have heard a lot of good things about the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse. Would you be able to provide any information on them?
I would like to find a hotel that has 4 stars and included free parking
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap austrian restaurant.
Hey, I'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.
Can you help me book a three star hotel with internet?
I need to find a place to stay tonight in the South please.
Hello I am new to Cambridge and was wondering about good 4 star hotels with free wifi. Any suggestions?
Hello, I'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the centre. Any suggestions?
Yes, hi. Would you be able to suggest a reasonably priced guesthouse for our stay in Cambridge?
I need a hotel with free wifi.
I want to eat some north american food
I am looking for a place to eat that is cheap.
Hi, I am looking for a north Indian restaurant in the town centre?
I'm looking for information on the Autumn House. Can you help me out?
Hi! I am looking for a nice place for dinner. I would like something in the centre that's expensive.
I would like a guesthouse, four star.
i'm looking for a mexican restaurant
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern european food.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves thai food.
I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
Hello, I am looking for a certain hotel in Cambridge called the autumn house.
I need an expensive restaurant.
I AM looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the east.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.
Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town serving Italian food?
I'm looking for a restaurant in a moderate price range.
I want the creative food, sir. oh and this needs to be in the south as well.
I need to find a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse and I'll need free parking for my car.
Hello, i'm looking for a cheap hotel in the cambridge area close to local attractions. I don't need internet or parking. Can you help?
Yes, I am going for luxorious today. I need to find an expensive restaurant in the centre.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves British food please.
I'd like a Kosher restaurant that's in the moderate price range.
I'm so hungry! Can you find me an expensive restaurant?
Hello, are there any moderate catalan restaurants in town?
Find me a restaurant that serves belgian food in the centre
Hello, I am going to be visiting Cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel called the Warkworth House.
I'm looking for the information on a restaurant named Rajmahal, could you provide me their info?
I'm looking for cheap food in the centre.
i need a place to dine in Cambridge with expensive gastropub food
I am looking for a hotel called a and b guest house.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
I'm looking to book a place to stay while in town. I want the hotel to be fairly expensive and near the centre. Can you give some suggestions?
I'm looking to book a particular hotel today. Could you help me?
I need a place to stay in the east
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant please. Or one that serves Chinese food.
I'm looking for a hotel in East Cambridge.
I need somewhere to stay. Should have free parking and free wifi
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant?
Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star hotel on the west side.
Where is the restaurant called Tandoori Palace?
I would like to find a place to stay with free parking in the expensive price range.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Vietnamese food. I don't care about the price range.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town.
looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve british food and should be in the expensive price range.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the town centre?
I would like a Hungarian restaurant in the west of town.
I'd like a place to say that is a guesthouse type, and includes free wifi.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
I'd like an expensive restuarant in the south part of town.
I am looking for the address and phone number of an expensive restaurant serving Thai food.
Can you help me find a nice Asian restaurant to dine at in Cambridge?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Moroccan food and is moderately priced.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
I need a place to stay, some hotel with 4 star rating and free parking.
I need an italian place in the moderate price range to eat at.
I need to make a reservation at a hotel called El Shaddai
I am looking for a place to dine in Cambridge
I'm looking for a specific hotel in Cambridge.
I am looking for a restaurant serving vegetarian food.
My friend recommended Little Seoul, but I need some help locating it.
Please locate me an italian restaurant in the Centre area.
I need to find the Autumn House Hotel.
Hello, can you recommend any local restaurants?
Can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the South part of town?
I want to find out more about the arbury guesthouse.
I am looking for a local restaurant, and also places to go while I am in Cambridge
I would like to find a cheap African restaurant in the area.
Hi. Have you heard of Pizza Hut City Centre by chance? I may want to eat there soon.
Hello. I am interested in finding some good local restaurants. Do you have any that you would suggest?
I want an expensive french place to dine in.
Can you help me locate a place to eat tonight?
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
I need to find an expensive restaurant in the west.
Can you find me a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?
I am looking for information about the City Centre North B and B hotel. Can you help me with that?
Are there any Chinese restaurants in the centre part of town?
Are there any restaurants serving australasian food in the east part of the city?
I'm looking to get some info on a hotel called cityroomz.
Can you help me find a restaurant in Cambridge called Loch Fyne?
I need a place to stay that includes parking
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay the night. I'd like a hotel, but nothing fancy, it can have zero stars and that's fine. Do you have any recommendations?
I am looking for information on the Yippee Noodle bar.
I'm looking for a nice, expensive restaurant on the south side of town.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the city centre.
Hi, I could definitely use some help finding information on a particular hotel.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range
Yes, I'm looking for the hotel Limehouse.
I'm looking for a high scale chinese restaurant.
I am looking for a restaurant called J Restaurant.
Hello. Can you help me in locating a certain hotel?
I want a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. What is the address and postcode?
Hi, I'm trying to find a restaurant called HK Fusion. What info can you get me for that?
I want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.
What type of food does the Oak Bistro in Cambridge serve?
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.
I am interested in staying at the A and B Guest House, could you help me book my stay?
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food.
Can you find me a 4 star hotel with wi-fi?
I want to stay at a 4 star hotel
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
I'm just looking for a hotel to stay at tonight please.
looking for arbury lodge guesthouse
i want somewhere that serves traditional food.
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay tonight. The hotel should be like a guesthouse in looks and style. Ideally, I'd like one in the moderate price range, please.
Hello. I need a place to stay in Cambridge, in the centre that is 4 stars.
Can you help me find a place to have dinner?
I am looking for a restaurant in West Cambridge, in the cheaper price range please.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. Thank you.
I'm looking for hotels in the center.
I need to find a hotel in Cambridge with decent prices.
I am looking for a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.
Could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?
I am looking for a place to dine in the centre of town
I am looking for an expensive Korean restaurant. Can you tell me my options please?
I need to find a hotel quick, can you make it happen?
Are there any restaurants in town that serve modern american food?
Hi. I'm trying to find a good restaurant in the south part of town.
I am looking for a hotel with free parking but wifi isn't a necessity.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves world food.
looking for mediterranean food
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves english food
I really have a craving for some good chinese food. Can you suggest a place?
Hi, can you please help me find a restaurant that serves Kosher food?
I really need to find a restaurant that serves modern european food. An expensive one is fine.
Can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the East part of town?
Hey there. I think I need a vacation asap. You think you can help me find a 4-star hotel somewhere?
I'm looking for a hotel in the expensive price range. Internet is not necessary.
Hello, I am looking for a Lebanese restaurant in any area. Could you please provide me with a phone number and postcode? I'm very hungry and need food!!
Howdy! Is the City Centre North B And B still in business?
I am coming to town and need a hotel in the north. I will be working so need free wifi as well.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range
I'll be travelling to Cambridge to do some sightseeing and need a place to stay. I'd love to stay in a guesthouse rather than a hotel.
Indian in the north
I am looking for a restaurant called lan hong house. Can you get me more information about it please?
I am looking for a asian restaurant in the centre
Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that includes wifi in cambridge.
I'd like to find a Chinese restaurant in the center of town.
Hello I'm looking for the shanghai family restaurant.
I would like to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
Hi! Can you help me find a particular restaurant?
Can you help me find a guest house?
I want a place to dine that is in the centre please.
Help me find a place to stay that has free parking and 4 stars.
I'd like to find a place to stay in the south which has free parking.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north maybe a guesthouse.
Yes, I just happen to be looking for a place to stay tonight. The hotel should be located in the west part of town and it should include free parking.
I'd like a resturant in the centre of town that serves Canapes food.
I am looking for a cantonese restaurant in the north part of town.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called royal standard
am looking for a place to to stay that has cheap price range it should be in a type of hotel
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in. It should have 0 stars.
I want to find a restaurant serves corsica food please.
Can you provide me with a great eatery in Cambridge please
Hi! I am so excited to be traveling to Cambridge. Would you please help me look for a place to eat while I am there?
Hi Can you help me find a restauant in the west side of the city?>
I want to get a place to eat in the north.
Hi I am looking to find a guesthouse to stay at and it does not need to have internet.
I am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves Italian food.
I am looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in the north part of town.
I want a restaurant that serves international cuisine.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.
Hi, can you recommend me a good Asian restaurant? Something not too expensive?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves Indonesian food.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.
I'm trying to find the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the north part of town.
Hi, I am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a place to stay in with free wifi in the west part of town.
I am looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre of town.
I am looking for a moderate priced Chinese food place.
I'm looking for a place to stay.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel, a 0 star hotel is fine as long as it includes free wifi.
Actually yes you can help me find a hotel on the North end that offers free parking
Can you find me a guesthouse with a 4 star rating?
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant.
I'd like to find information for the restaurant called The Missing Sock.
a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town?
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre that has free wifi.
Im looking for a guesthouse with free wifi
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in.
Please help me find somewhere to eat in the centre
I'd like to find a place to stay.
Can you help me find information on a hotel called allenbell?
Hello. Can you help me find the address of an inexpensive restaurant in the south part of town?
Are there any Indonesian restaurants in the centre?
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves christmas food
malaysian food in the west part of town
Hi, could you help me find a restaurant called ask.
I am looking for an expensive guesthouse to stay in during my trip to Cambridge.
I am looking for a restaurant sitar tandoori. Can you give me more information?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant name taj tandoori.
I am looking for information on a restaurant, the name of the place is ask. Can you tell me about it?
I need a place to stay. It needs to have free parking.
I'm looking for a restaurant serving Irish food in any area.
Please find me a hotel in cambridge with 4 star rating and free parking.
Yes, I need some help and information pertaining to a particular restaurant. The name of the restaurant is Sitar Tandoori. I'd like some information on the place if you can help.
I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.
I'm looking for information on a hotel, the carolina bed and breakfast.
I'm looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves portugese food.
Greetings! I need a cheap hotel to stay the night in, could you help me?
I'm looking for a restaurant called The Nirala. Can you tell me where it is?
I want to find a restaurant in any area and serves spanish food. What is the phone number and address?
I'm curious about places to get a room for the night that are on the cheap end of the spectrum.
I want to dine at a Chinese food place in the centre area.
Can you let me know if a place called the Gonville hotel is still around?
I'm looking for a restaurant called graffiti.
I need to find a guesthouse with a moderate price range. Any places to stay?
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
Place to stay the night, with free parking and it doesn't need free wifi.
I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves indonesian food
Are there any places in the north that have free parking?
I'd like to find a moderately priced hotel on the east side.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking
I would like to find some info on the warkworth house hotel.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
Please suggest me some moderately priced restaurant in the south.
I heard cityroomz is a good hotel. Can you give me some information on this hotel?
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town.
Can you suggest any local restaurants in the centre that serve fusion food? Thanks.
I want a moderate priced restaurant in the west part of town.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
Would you be so kind as to help me find a place to dine later?
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap hotel to stay at in the east.
I want a place to stay. Is there an expensive hotel? It doesn't need to include internet.
I would like to book a meal at a chinese restaurant.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Turkish food.
Are there any places that serve Christmas food? I heard there might be something like that around here.
I'll be in there next week and my friend told me about a restaurant called The Missing Sock. Could you tell me where they are located?
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food
I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side with 4 stars.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves creative food.
I'm looking for a hotel called home from home.
I need to find a certain restaurant called the slug and lettuce.
Yes I am looking to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.
I am looking for a hotel in the moderate price range.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called the Pizza Express
I'd like some information about the El Shaddai.
Hi, I am looking for a high-end Cuban restaurant in Cambridge.
Can you help me find a hotel called limehouse and tell me a little about it?
Hi, can you help me find a hotel, please?
I am looking for a restaurnt in the west end that isn't too high priced.
I want a danish restaurant in the south.
Can you help me find an Italian restaurant in the city center?
I am looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.
Hi there, can you help me find a good Chinese restaurant? I seriously need some egg rolls.
I am looking for bistro food.
Can you help me find an expensive Panasian restaurant, please?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Welsh food.
I'd like some information about the El Shaddai.
I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and free parking.
Hi, I am looking for information on a restaurant it's called saffron brasserie.
A moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
Hi, I am trying to find a restaurant serving Italian cuisine, something expensive please. What would you suggest?
I am looking for an expensive place to dine in the north.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre of town that serves modern european food.
Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
Hello, I'm in need lodging that has free wifi and zero stars.
Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
I am coming to Cambridge and need a place to stay. Is there a hotel in centre with free wifi?
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
Howdy, I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay. I'd like a place with free parking.
Hi, I am looking for a place to stay and it has to have at least a two star rating and free WiFi.
I would like some information on places to stay in Cambridge. I prefer a guesthouse that includes free wifi, parking does not matter.
I would like to find a cheap restaurant that serves tuscan food
I'm looking for a place to stay. Can you help me find one?
I need to find a place to stay in town with atleast a 4 star rating. Wifi optional.
I need a guesthouse in the north to stay at.
I really hope you can help. I need a place to stay in the south with free wifi. Do you have any recommendations.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
I'm planning to visit Cambridge and would like to know the options available for upscale Chinese dining.
I'm looking for a hotel that offers particular amenities, specifically free parking and free wifi
Can you help me find some local restaurants to dine in during my visit to Cambridge?
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
Need a place to eat, panasian food, pricey!
Hi, I'm looking for the location of the Carolina Bed and Breakfast please?
I'm looking for a hotel in the north side.
I need suggestions for a moderately priced restaurant in the center part of town. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town that serves cantonese food.
I am looking for a restaurant called Panahar.
Hello! Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre?
i will be in Cambridge and need a 4 star hotel with wifi
Find me a place to stay that has free parking, but I don't need internet.
Hello, I am looking for accommodations with free wifi.
Hello I'd like to get some information on a place to eat in the north side of Cambridge.
Can you help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for somewhere that include free wifi and free parking.
Hi, I need a place to stay. I would prefer it to be a guesthouse type. It doesn't need to have free parking.
I would like a restaurant in the centre that is in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and I don't need to have internet. Can you help?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap.
I need to find a place to eat and would prefer Indian food.
I want an expensive restaurant and serves european food. What is the phone number?
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in the North.
Hello, can you show me any moderately-priced restaurants in the Centre of town, please?
I am looking for a hotel called alpha-milton guest house
Please find a cheap restaurant that serves Indian food.
Yes, I am trying to find a hotel by the name of allenbell. Can you help me?
I would like to find an expensive place to eat please.
I'm interested in finding a restaurant that serves Tuscan food. Do you know of any in the moderate price range?
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and a star rating of 0.
Hello, I'm looking for an Italian restaurant on the East side. Thank you!
I would like a barbeque restaurant.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 4.
I am coming to cambridge and would like to dine at a chinese restaurant.
Hi I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that includes free wifi.
Hi! What can you tell me about the Lensfield Hotel?
Is there any expensive restaurants in town serving Australian food?
So this is probably impossible but can you find me a 0-star hotel that offers free parking?
I really would like to try a japanese restaurant while in Cambridge.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range.
Hello, I am looking for a Scottish restaurant on the west side of town.
I'm looking for something serving christmas food.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves British cuisine.
I need a vegetarian restaurant
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has free wifi.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 4.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of Cambridge which is pretty cheap in terms of prices.
I need information on the hotel Limehouse please.
I am looking for a place for a restaurant called anatolia. Can you help me?
I am looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town
I have the name of a restaurant that I need some help finding, whenever you're ready.
I'm looking for an upscale, expensive place to eat on the west side of town.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the town centre, with an expensive price range.
I'd really like to take my client out to a nice restaurant that serves indian food.
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
Can you help me find somewhere to eat in the centre?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
Can you locate me a hotel on the east side with free parking. Please provide me with the reference number.
Yes, I'd like some help looking for a particular restaurant. The name of the restaurant is Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop. I'd like to know where it's located and how expensive.
I am looking to find a place to eat in Centre please.
I am looking for a 2 star hotel that also includes free wifi.
I'm exhausted. Can you find me a guesthouse somewhere on the east side of town?
Can you find me a restaurant that is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range?
I was wondering if you can help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?
I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant. Can you help me with that?
Can you help me find a hotel?
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves Portuguese food.
Hi, can you help me find a guesthouse? I need free parking.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi included please.
is there a moderate priced restaurant?
I need to find a hotel in the north part of town.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant, located in the centre.
Hello! Can you tell me about places to stay in the north area of town? I'll be on a business trip, so I do need free wifi.
Where'a a restaurant on the east part f town?
Could you help me locate a 4 star lodging on the north side of town?
Hello, I'm looking for a 1 star hotel with free parking in the west.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant in the east part of town.
I'm interested in a place called restaurant one seven. What can you tell me about it?
Are there any Turkish restaurant in the Centre location?
I'm looking for a restaurant named Panahar.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food please.
I need a place to eat? How about some place in the centre of the town and in moderate price range?
I am looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi.
I am looking for an expensive hotel to stay at in Cambridge, please.
I am looking for a place to stay, that is a 2 star hotel on the east side
Yes, I need a hotel that offers free wifi & parking.
I need to find an expensive place to eat.
Can you direct me towards a moderately priced restaurant serving fusion food?
I want your most expensive restaurant in the south town.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel.
I am looking for an affordable spanish restaurant.
I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side that includes free parking.
I'd like to find a guesthouse to stay.
I need some help finding a place in Centre to eat, can you look it up for me?
Is there a good restaurant on the north end of town?
Hi, I need an expensive restaurant please.
Hello there! I am looking for a restaurant that specializes in Swedish food.
I'm looking for a modern european restaurant that had a moderate price range.
Hello! I need a guesthouse to stay in, and I really need it to include free parking for my van. Can you help?
I am looking for a certain hotel. I think that it is called something like Allenball
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi.
Can you help me find some european food in Cambridge?
I'm looking for something cheap in the south part of town.
Hello. Can you please help me find a nice restaurant that serves Korean food? I need to know the address too.
Hello! I am looking for an expensive guesthouse type hotel. Any ideals ?
Hi there, I'm hungry. Please help me find a cheap place that serves the americas food
I'm looking for information on a restaurant called mahal of cambridge.
I need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
Hello, could you tell me if there are any 1 star lodging establishments that offer free wifi?
I haven't had German food in ages so please find me a place in the centre that serves it
Hi, can you give me some information on a particular hotel?
Can you find me a hotel on the east side?
I need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant please?
Hi, could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse?
I need a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and that serves Indian food.
Hello there, please find me a restaurant on the West side that serves scandinavian food
I'm looking for a very nice place to dine. Something expensive.
Hi, I could use help with my planning. I am trying to find a place to stay.
I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves brazilian food.
What's a good mid price restaurant?
I am interested in the Express by Holiday Inn - Cambridge.
I need to find a hotel to stay at that has a 4 star rating and includes free wifi.
I'm looking for a guesthouse, I do an online business, so I will need free wifi.
Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?
looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
I need to find a 4 star hotel with free wifi
Can I have the contact information for the Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Are there any Asian restaurants in the centre of town?
Hello. Can you please recommend a Korean restaurant for me?
Could you help me find a restaurant? I am looking for a place that serves quality Italian food an affordable price. I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide.
I'm looking for a hotel in the west, internet is optional.
Im up north, whats the address for a mediterranean place around here?
Hi, could you tell me the phone number and address of the nearest Mexican restaurant?
Hello I would like to find a restaurant in the west part of the city that costs a moderate amount.
I'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the south.
Hi, I'd like a guesthouse in the expensive range.
I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b
I want to go all out this St Patricks day, can you find me an Irish restaurant? Lets go with an expensive one.
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve japanese food and should be in the centre.
I am looking for a hotel by the name of home from home.
I want a moderately priced restaurant.
I meed a moderately priced place to stay.
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi and 3 stars.
I'm looking for an expensive vietnamese place to eat, can you help me find one?
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called cityroomz
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre.
I'd like to find a restaurant serving British food that's in the centre.
I want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.
Can you find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food?
Are there any hotels that offer both free parking and free wifi?
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves jamaican food
Yes, I am attending a physician's conference and need to locate a room for tonight.
I'm interested in finding a hotel that has free parking that I can stay at.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves international food.
Hi, I want to find a Chinese place to eat that's expensive.
Is there any place that serves BBQ around here?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. I would like the name and phone number.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Irish food and is in the expensive price range.
Hi I would like to find a moderate priced place to stay with free parking.
I'm looking for a place to dine that's in the cheap price range and that serves Indian food.
Is there a restaurant on the North side of town?
I want to find a guesthouse in the centre to stay at.
I want something in the north that serves moroccan food .
I'm looking for a place to stay.
I want to find a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre.
I would like to find an Italian restaurant open for dinner?
I'm looking for a hotel named Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Do you have any information on that?
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use your help finding a place to stay when I arrive.
Hi I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of town serving Indian food.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves swedish food in the centre.
i need a place to stay
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking forward to trying some local restaurants. Can you help me with a great place to dine?
Can you get me information on a hotel called city centre north b and b?
I am looking for information on a hotel.
I have a hotel that I really want to stay at today.
Hi, I'm looking for a place with Tuscan food in any price range.
I am looking for a place called tang chinese
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet and should have a star of 4
Are there many places to stay with mid-range prices?
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving italian food. What is the address and phone number?
Are there any expensive places to eat in the centre?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?
I want an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. I would also like its phone number.
I feel like trying Chinese today, find me a cheap place that serves it please
I'm looking for a restaurant that offers British food in a moderate price range, can you help me with that?
I need help finding a place that serves spanish food and is located in the centre, can you help me?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in cambridge in the moderate price range
Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse on the westside to stay.
Can you assist me to find Restaurants in the Center of Cambridge that serves Chines foods?
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves traditional food.
Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at in the south.
I'm looking for places to eat in the North part of town.
Hi there, I'd like to find a good place to eat in the city centre tonight, but I'm looking for somewhere cheap. Have you any good recommendations?
I am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the North part of town. I will need their address.
I need to know more about the Alexander bed and breakfast.
I am looking for Home from Home hotel
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
Howdy, I was wondering if the alpha-milton guest house still does business?
im looking for a place to dine, it should be in the south serving morden global food
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
I need the phone number to a restaurant located in the north part of town that is moderately priced, thank you
I need an expensive restaurant
Can you help me find guesthouses in the west of town?
Hi there. I'm on a really tight budget but need to find me a cheap room to stay.
I'm looking for a thai restaurant on the west side.
I would really like to find a Basque restaurant on the west side. Does that exist?
Please send me general information about a particular hotel called the lensfield hotel.
I need you to help me find an expensive restaurant to dine in, I'd like it to be chinese food.
I am looking for a hotel on the west side that gives free wifi.
Could you help me find a place to dine on my trip?
I want to find a cheap restaurant and serves australasian food.
Can you find me a cheap hotel with free parking?
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves Korean food.
I'm looking for an upscale guesthouse.
I'd like to find an expensive place to dine that specifically serves italian food.
I am hoping you can help me find a British restaurant at which to dine during my visit to Cambridge.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
I'm looking for a place to stay. Can you help me find one?
I am looking for Irish food that is cheap. I will need their phone number too.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to Cambridge. I'm looking for a cheap room and the only amenity I care about is free wifi.
I am looking for a hotel called Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves canapes food.
I would like a a decent chinese restaurant
I'm looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) on the west side of town. Can you tell me about my options?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant
I need a place to stay in the south.
Will you help me find a portuguese restaurant in the east please?
Could you give me information on a hotel called alpha-milton guest house?
I am trying to find a Jamaican restaurant
I am looking for a restaurant please.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves international food.
I was hoping that you could find a restaurant for me.
I want to find a cheap Hungarian restaurant.
Can you help me find an expensive hotel in the south to stay at? Thanks.
Looking for a place to stay, can you help me pick?
I want something in the north part of town with swedish food.
I need to find lodgings on the north side of town.
Any chance you can direct me to where I can locate a cheap room for the night?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Thai food.
Are there any crossover restaurants in the west?
I am looking for a restaurant serving persian food.
I am looking for an italian restaurant, cheap preferably.
I need a place to stay with free parking. Ideas?
I'd like to find some information about the Allenbell hotel.
Hi, I need a really expensive restaurant.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the west. Can you help me out?
Hi I am looking for a cheap place to dine serving Italian food
I would like a four star hotel.
Hi, I am looking for a 4 star hotel or guesthouse that includes free wifi. Can you help me?
I need a place to eat that serves traditional food in the centre.
Hello! I am looking for information about a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house. Can you help me?
I need a restaurant in the centre of town.
I need a hotel to stay in the north part of the town.
Can you find me a hotel in the moderate price range?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
I need help finding a hotel, please.
Please locate me a guesthouse with 4 star rating in Cambridge.
I am looking for info about a hotel called city centre north b and b. Can you help?
Can I get a cantonese restaurant?
Could you recommend an expensive restaurant in the city centre?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
Good Afternoon, I am looking for a place to stay on the east side in a guest house
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking in the north.
I am looking for a british restaurant please.
Can you help me find a place to eat located in the centre that serves british food?
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star place with free wifi.
Could you tell me if you have a 5 star hotel on the south side?
I'm looking for the Lensfield Hotel. Can you help me find it?
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive hotel to stay at, can you help me?
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the north.
Can you help me find a hotel in the north that includes free parking?
Yes, I am looking for a place to eat. Can you help me?
Hello! I'm looking for a restaurant that serves modern global food in the centre.
I am looking for a nice restaurant in the center of town.
Can you help me find a place to stay maybe a expensive guesthouse?
Could you recommend a restaurant that serves french food? I'll need the address, phone number and postcode. Thank you.
I hope so. Can you tell me if there are any 3 star places to stay on the west side?
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some advice on a place to stay.
Hi I need to book a guesthouse with free wifi in Cambridge please
Can you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
Are there any hotels in the centre that have free parking, please?
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
I'm hoping you can help me find a guesthouse. Parking is optional.
I need hotel tips, can you help?
I am looking for the restaurant kymmoy.
I am wanting to find a place to stay that has free wifi. The place should have 0 stars.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves chinese food.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi,
Can you help me find a place to stay in the east with free parking?
I am looking for some info on rice house restaurant.
What restaurants are on the east part of town?
Yes i need to book at hotel.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant by the name of Royal Standard. Do you know where it is?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves swiss food.
Can you tell me if warkworth house hotel has wifi.
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called Yu garden.
Can you help me find a Chinese restaurant please?
I am looking for a certain hotel. I think it is called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast
I am looking for a cheap two star hotel in the North can you help?
I am looking for information on the kirkwood house.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking
I am looking for information about city stop restaurant?
I want to find an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food. What is the address and phone number?
I need to find some information in a particular restaurant. Are you able to look up a specific place?
Are there any good polish restaurants in the city?
Hi is there any deals for tourists that will be a great price? so i can book them all at the same time?
I need a place to stay with free wifi but I don't need free parking, thank you.
I need a place to eat in the cheap price range.
I am looking for a restaurant serving modern american food in the moderate price range.
Hi, I'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Thanh Binh.
I am interested in a restaurant located in the north part of town that specializes in Indonesian food, please.
I need to find a moderately priced vegetarian restaurant.
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse.
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. Can you help?
I am going to be visiting and need a guesthouse.
I need a hotel in north Cambridge.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food.
I am looking for a place to stay. Do you have any recommendations?
I would like a restaurant in the west part of town.
I am looking for the price range of a restaurant called Rice boat.
Hello, I'm planning my trip to cambridge, and I'm trying to find a hotel called alpha-milton guest house. Can you help?
Howdy! Is the Hamilton Lodge still open?
I'm looking for Scandinavian food in any area.
Hi there! I'm looking for a moderate place to stay that has four stars. Can you help me?
I need to find a place that serves European food to eat at.
Can you help me find a place to eat?
I'm looking for a guesthouse that doesn't have to have free parking.
Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?
I am looking for a place to dine in Cambridge.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Thai food and is in the expensive price range.
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves italian food
Can you help me find a place to stay? It should be cheap.
I need a restaurant of moderate price in the west.
I would like a cheap Mexican restaurant, please.
I'm looking for mid range spanish restaurants, can you help me?
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves expensive european food.
Hello, I am looking for a hotel in the north part of town. The hotel needs to include free parking.
Yes I am looking for an expensive place to eat that is located in the city center.
I need help with a particular hotel, can you do that?
Can you give me information on hotels in the centre?
I would like an expensive room, in the East.
I am looking for some Italian food today.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the east.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant for tonight in the centre of town, can you provide me with a list of my options?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. Any kind of food is good with me; I would just like to know the phone number of the venue you find.
Hello, are you familiar with Warkworth House?
I'd like recommendations for a restaurant that serves Vietnamese food.
I would like a cheap Spanish restaurant.
Can you give me the price for a large pizza and what type of pizzas they offer at Pizza Express fen ditton please
Hi there. I'm looking for a particular hotel called the A and B Guest House.
I'm craving Indian food and money isn't an issue so find me an expensive restaurant that serves it please
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse located in the centre
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves australasian food.
I need a restaurant that serves Indian food in the moderate price range
I am starving!
I would like to book a room at the Worth House.
I am looking for an expensive place to eat in the South,
I am looking for a place to eat at that is expensive and serves food with afternoon tea.
I need to stay in the north, 0 stars.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Mexican food and located in the south part of town.
I'm looking for a guesthouse that offers free parking.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves european food.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Australasian food.
I would like to find a restaurant that serves Turkish food in the centre please.
I'm looking for a hotel with a star rating of 0.
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves hungarian food.
I'm looking for a place to dine.
Hi, could you give me the location of the Saint Johns Chop House?
I'm looking for a place to stay in the south of town.
I'd like to get moderately-priced Polynesian food.
I'm looking for an hotel in the north.
I need a one-star hotel, please.
I am looking for a German restaurant in the expensive price range.
I'd like to dine for expensive british cuisine.
I would like to dine at a restaurant in the south that serves barbeque. Can you help?
I have a taste for British food tonight, can you find me a place to eat?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and should have a star of 4
Are there any vietnamese themed restaurants in the west side of town?
I have a hotel in mind that I need some help to book.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.
Hi! Can I get some info on a cheap place to eat?
Hi, are you familiar with the Avalon hotel?
Is there a cheap place in the north part of town?
I'm looking for a restaurant called Mahal of Cambridge.
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves swiss food.
I want to find a place to eat called saigon city.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the moderate price range
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay while I'm in town. Can you assist me?
Need a hotel up north with free parking.
I am interested in finding an expensive restaurant serving Italian food.
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves Chinese food in the south please.
I'm looking for a place to stay, please.
I am looking for information on a restaurant called cafe uno
Can you find me a restaurant in the centre with moderate prices?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, but on the cheaper price range, can you help me?
Hello. Can you help me find a specific restaurant that I'm looking for?
I need a zero star hotel in Cambridge with wifi.
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food
I need an east restaurant. I want to try some Canapes food.
Hi, I need a guest house please.
Hello, can you help me with my plans as far as finding a place to stay?
I am looking for a British restaurant that is moderately priced.
I'm looking for a hotel. Something not too expensive...mid range? Oh, and I need free wifi.
I need a place to stay in cambridge that has wifi, and free parking please.
i need a plcae to stay with free parking no interned is needed
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves halal food.
I would like a traditional food restaurant.
I'm looking for information on the cambridge belfry hotel.
I am looking for a resteraunt that serves japanese food, any price range is fine. What do you have available?
Yes, I am looking for local hotels. I would prefer they be rated at least 3 stars and are on the expensive side.
I need finding a Portuguese restaurant
I want a place to stay in the north of town.
I would like an expensive place to dine, centre of town.
Hi, I'm looking for a nice play to stay in Cambridge that has free wifi.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves Indian food. I would like a place in the expensive price range.
I am looking for yippee noodle bar.
i need a place to stay
Is there any restaurants on the south part of town?
I am looking for a restaurant called the Gandhi.
I want crossover food at an expensive price. Can you help?
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address and phone number?
Yes, I am looking for a nice place to stay while in town. The hotel doesn't need to include internet but I'd like it to include free parking if it's available.
I am looking for a place with free parking, Internet is not required.
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant, please.
I am looking for a place to stay. I want to stay in a hotel that includes free wifi.
Hello, can you tell me about some Asian Oriental restaurants in the centre?
Can you help me find a specific restaurant that I'm looking for?
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve european food.
Hi, I'm looking for an upscale hotel. Could you recommend me anywhere in the west part of the area?
Hi. I am looking for a hotel that is a guesthouse that has free parking. Can you help me find one?
I need a place to stay please. A guesthouse would be great.
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Eritrean food.
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.
I need some tourist information please. I need to know about a hotel called the arbury lodge guest house.
I'd like to find a restaurant serving Christmas food.
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre with free parking.
I am looking for information on a place called Bridge Guest House. Can you help me?
Could you help me find a hotel on the west side with free WiFi?
I am looking for a cheap hotel on the east.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel. It doesn't need to include internet but needs to be near the centre.
Hi, I want a Tuscan restaurant that's expensively priced.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center of town?
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve swedish food.
I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves African food in the centre
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town
I'd like something moderately priced please.
Hello, I would like some information on a hotel called The Bridge guest house, please.
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves gastropub food. I want it to be expensive.
Please tell me where the restaurant HK Fusion is located. Thanks.
I'm interested in finding a modern European restaurant for dinner with a moderate price range on their menu.
Hello, I am looking for a hotel called the worth house. Can you help me find it?
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in while I'm in town.
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant in the centre.
Find me an italian place in the north
Yes, hopefully you can help with my planning. I am looking for a place to stay.
Are there any restaurants that serve international food?
I am looking for a place to dine that has expensive romanian food.
I'm looking for a dining establishment that serves kosher, in the center of town.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the city center
Hi, I'm looking for some info on cheap hotels on the West end please
Can you tell me the address to a Chinese restaurant in Cambridge?
I could really use something to eat.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving English food.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. What is the address and food?
I am looking for a guesthouse in cambridge with free wifi.
I'm looking for a seafood restaurant in the centre.
I hope so. My brother recommended an eatery called Curry Prince. Can you help me find it?
I'd like to find a panasian restaurant in the centre of town please.
Hi, I'm looking to book a room in the ashley hotel.
Hello are there any cheap European restaurants in town?
I am looking for the university arms hotel please.
I'd like to find an expensive gastropub, should you have such a beast.
Hi, I am looking for a Venetian restaurant please.
Hi, do you have a listing for the copper kettle? It's a restaurant.
What is the best french expensive restaurant in town?
Hi I am in the north looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a hotel with 4 stars. Any suggestions?
I'm looking for a place to stay on the westside that offers free wifi.
I need some information on a hotel, can you help with that?
I need some info on the acorn guest house.
I need help finding a portuguese restaurant located in the centre, can you assist me please?
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.
Could I ask for your help in finding a guesthouse to put my friends up in nearby?
Hello! Can you recommend a 4-star hotel in the Centre of town, please?
I'd like to find a place to eat on the west side. Something moderately priced, please.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 0
Can you tell me about moderately priced places to stay on the north side of town?
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
I'm looking for a good restaurant anywhere in town serving French food. Could you please give me their phone numbers?
I would like a mexican restaurant in west.
I need a place to stay in the centre of town.
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
Hello, I need some French food. Any price range is fine.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4
Can you help me find a restaurant by the name of Loch Fyne?
I'd like an expensive restuarant with Chinese food.
Are there any cheap cantonese restaurants in town?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the west that serves Indian food.
I'm in need of a place to stay for the night, I'd like it to be in the centre of town and have at least a 4 star rating.
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves mondern european foods for modest prices.
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the east.
I am going to visit and was told about the a and b guest house. Could you help me with that?
Please help me find a guesthouse or hotel that has free parking. I prefer a guesthouse though.
A hotel in the north with free parking, please.
I'm hoping to find a place to eat.
Hi I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the north part of town.
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay in during my visit.
Are you able to help me find an expensive British restaurant in Cambridge please?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre you could recommend?
Please recommend me a cheap restaurant in the north .
I am looking for a particular hotel.
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
I'd like to find a hotel in the centre of town with free parking, please.
Please find a restaurant that serves Latin American food.
I want British food that is moderately priced.
Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant that serves North American food? Thanks.
Where in the centre can I dine? I want something expensive.
i am looking for the gonville hotel
Hi, I need to find a hotel with a 4 star rating that includes free parking. Do you have anything like that?
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre.
I want to find a place that serves australasian food.
I'd love to find an Asian Oriental restaurant. Something moderately priced.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant where I can eat african food.
Can you help me find a hotel called El Shaddai? Thanks.
I'm hoping to find a french restaurant in Cambridge.
I need a 4 star place to stay in the north.
I would like to find an Italian restaurant that's expensively priced.
Can you get me information on a hotel called a and b guest house?
Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town serving international food.
is there a restaurant in the Centre?
i need a place to stay
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel in Cambridge?
I have an odd request, I am looking for a place to stay with a 0 star rating.
Can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking and free wifi?
Please find a place that serves Indian food.
Yes hi, I'm looking for an expensive place to dine.
I am looking for a cheap place to dine.
Hi, I want a place to eat in the town centre.
I am looking to dine out in the centre part of town and I would like to find a place that serves north american food.
I need to find a particular hotel called cityroomz. Please send me all information you have.
Hello, I am looking for the address and phone number of the hotel Cambridge Belfry.
Where in the east can I find a restaurant that serves venetian food?
I'm wondering if you have information about a particular restaurant called the curry queen?
i'm looking for a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast
I need to find a place to stay. It needs to include wifi and I would like a 3 star.
Please help me find a restaurant called Frankie and Bennys. Thanks.
Can you help me find a place to stay that has 0 stars and doesn't need to have free parking?
Please help me find an expensive thai restaurant.
I am looking for a place to dine located in the centre and in the moderate price range. Can you help me?
I'm interested in finding an expensive guesthouse to stay at during my visit to Cambridge
Hi, I'm looking for information, specifically, a place to stay while I'm in town.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves italian food.
I'm looking for an expensive 2 star hotel.
I would like to find out information about a hotel called Warkworth House.
Can you find me a Greek restaurant in the centre of Cambridge?
I want a restaurant in the centre of town.
I wanted help with finding a hotel in Cambridge today.
i'm looking for good turkish food, and price is no object.
Good afternoon! I'd like to visit an expensive european restaurant. Will you help me find one?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Caribbean food and in the moderate price range.
So I'm interested in portuguese food. Do you know of any restaurants that serve it in the South?
I need lodging in Cambridge that has free parking. I don't need internet, though. What have you got?
I am looking for some help locating a moderately priced room.
Hello, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.
I need a place to dine on Indian food. Centre of the town please.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. It should include free wifi and be a 3 star. Can you help me please?
Can you find me something cheap in the south part of town?
Yeah, I'm looking for a room. Do you offer anything in the southern part of town?
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the north, what kind of options can you give me?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern European food.
I'm looking for a hotel called Worth House.
Hello, I'm looking for information on a hotel called Hobsons House.
Hi, I am hoping you can give me some information on places to dine.
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town serving corsica food.
Yes, thank you. I want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town.
I am looking for a hotel called the leverton house.
I am hoping you can find a guesthouse in the north part of town for me.
Hi, I need a hotel with free wifi internet and a rating of 3 stars. What can you recommend?
I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the centre, please.
I need a guesthouse, with free parking.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel. I'm looking for something with zero stars, I'm kind of doing an irony thing.
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Turkish food and is located in the west.
I'm excited about my trip to Cambridge to sight see, and need a hotel while I'm there.
Do you think you might be able to recommend a nice guesthouse?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food in the centre.
I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area.
a restaurant in the moderately priced range, please
I'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves indian food.
Hello, I'm looking for an Expensive Indian restaurant. What can you recommend?
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free parking.
I'm looking for information on 4-star rated guesthouses in Cambridge
I want to find a guesthouse to stay at in the north part of town.
I need a cheap place to stay in the centre
Good eve! I'm looking for a nice place to have a spot of afternoon tea.
Hello, I'm looking for a gueshouse on the northside.
I am looking for a place to stay.
I am looking for a place to stay in the south part of town.
Hello. I've been recommended a restaurant called The Missing Sock. Can you direct me to where it is located?
I'm looking for British food. I want the restaurant to be in the town centre.
Find me expensive restaurant that serves international food.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town
I am searching for a restaurant serving vietnamese food in the centre of town.
I am looking for a specific hotel.
Please see if you can find me a 3-star hotel on the East
Are there any restaurants on the West that serve turkish food? I want some.
Im looking for a place to eat eritrean food at the centre.
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant on the south side of town.
HI, can you help me find a hotel on the north side of town please?
I need to know more about a hotel called home from home.
African food in the cetre of town /
How are you doing? Are there any European restaurants in the city center?
I am trying to locate a really nice guesthouse to take my wife to. Can you suggest any?
Can you help me find some Thai food to eat tonight?
I want to find a place to stay with free wifi. It doesn't have to have free parking though.
Yes, I need help finding a restaurant. Preferably a nice, expensive one in the south.
I need help finding an expensive restaurant in the centre, can you help me please?
I would like to find a restaurant
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving European Food.
Are there any 4-star guesthouses?
Can you tell me if there is a restaurant named Kohinoor in Cambridge?
I'm looking for this particular hotel called carolina bed and breakfast
I'm looking for moderately priced rooms. I'm willing to pay for parking, though.
Could I get the name of a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town?
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves french food
Hi there! I need a place to stay in Cambridge, and I'm wondering if you have any recommendations for good 2 star hotels in town?
I have to find a place to stay pretty quick. It has to have free wifi so I can work. Can you help me find something?
I am looking for kirkwood house.
I need a restaurant to dine at in Cambridge on my upcoming trip.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
Hello, I am looking for some good Australasian food. I would like an expensive restaurant also.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called city stop restaurant.
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.
I need to book a nice expensive restaurant in the centre please.
I'm looking for a hotel in the south part of Cambridge that's in a moderate price range.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the center of town that has free wifi.
I am looking for a hotel called Avalon, can you help?
I need a place to stay in the east. Oh i need free parking, thank you.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant serving cuban food.
I am looking for the chiquito restaurant bar can you help me find it?
I'm looking for a place to stay. It needs to be in the north but it doesn't have to have free parking.
I'm looking for a japanese restaurant in town.
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant. It should be in the expensive price range, please.
i need a place to stay
I would like an expensive guesthouse, please.
Can I get information on 3 star hotels in the moderate price range?
Can you help me find a guesthouse that has 4 stars?
Hi, I'm looking for a local upscale chinese restaurant.
I am looking for a modern European restaurant in the moderate range.
Can you give me the address for an indian restaurant in the south part of town?
an expensive restaurant please
I am looking for a hotel with free parking.
I need help finding a guesthouse with a star rating of 3.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the moderate price range
i need a place to stay
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
I am looking for information. Can you help me with a place to stay while I'm in town?
I'm looking for cafe uno, can you help me find where it is?
Hi! I am looking for a turkish food restaurant around the centre.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called prezzo
Where can I find the Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge?
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and will need a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse with 3 stars and should include free wifi.
I need a place to stay in the west.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
I'm looking to find out some information about a restaurant called Travellers Rest.
Are there any expensive British restaurants in town?
Hi! I'd like a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking, please.
Hi! My friends told me about a restaurant called the nirala. What can you tell me about it?
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that is rated 4 stars and has free wifi.
I'm looking for a Swedish restaurant, preferably in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for lodgings offering free wifi and free parking.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel by the name of Acorn Guest House.
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves North American food.
I want to find a restaurant in any area and servings persian food.
I want a french restaurant on the west side please.
I need to find somewhere to stay in the south
I want a restaurant in the centre and serves japanese food. What is the address?
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side.
Please find me a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
i am looking for information in Cambridge. A a place to dine.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the cheap price range.
I need help finding a cheap restaurant
I'm looking for info about the curry king restaurant.
Yes I would like to stay in a guesthouse that is moderately priced.
I'm looking for a modern european restaurant in the centre.
Hi, I'm actually looking to stay at a luxury guesthouse.
I'm visiting cambridge and I need a place to stay. I'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse.
Are there any guesthouses with free parking?
Find a guesthouse hotel in Cambridge with free parking.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves fusion food.
I'm in the south part of town and it's getting late. Can you tell me what local hotels there might be for me to stay at?
I am going to be on the north side of town and would like a recommendation to a high end restaurant for dinner.
I'm looking for a particular hotel called the kirkwood house. Where is it, and what other information do you have about it?
i need a place to stay
Please find me a restaurant in the centre part of town.
I am looking for a moderately priced, 4 star hotel.
I'm looking for a hotel in the west area. It doesn't need to have free parking.
I need to find a restaurant call the nirala.
I'm looking for a high end Asian restaurant
Hi, I am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that has 3 stars.
What can you tell me about the Lovell Lodge?
I need a place to stay please. A hotel would be great.
I am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves italian food.
I am looking for a Japanese restaurant in the centre of town.
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.
I'm so hungry - can you find me a place to eat in the city centre?
I am looking for a restaurant serving scottish food.
I need to find a place to eat in the centre of town.
I need a 5 star hotel to stay in that should be a guesthouse.
I'd like to find a moderately priced chinese restaurant.
I want to try a local restaurant called Jinling noodle bar, can you help?
Hello, I am wondering if you can help me with some information on a hotel called city centre north b and b?
I'm looking for a hotel with one star rating and free parking, can you help me?
Can you help me find a moderately priced hotels that has Wifi?
Hello, I'm looking for some information about a particular restaurant. The name of it is Dojo Noodle Bar.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in town. Please give me the contact information for one.
I need a restaurant. The restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the expensive price range.
I would like some Lebanese food in the west part of town. Are there any available?
I'm looking for da vinci pizzeria.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town, please.
I'm looking for a place to dine in Cambridge, if you could help me with some options.
I need a place to stay that has 4 stars.
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food
I would like to find a danish restaurant this is moderately priced.
I am looking for a 3 star hotel with free parking in Cambridge.
Hi, can you look up Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop for me?
Can you help me find a restaurant called little seoul?
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called the hotspot.
Hello, can you help me find a cheap guesthouse?
I need to find a restaurant in the west part of town. It should be in the cheap price range.
Hi, can you give me some information on places to stay for my upcoming trip?
I'm looking for a 4 Star hotel and it doesn't have to include internet.
Can you give me the phone number of a moderately priced restaurant in the North part of town?
Do you know much about hotels?
I need help finding a very inexpensive place to eat located in the north, can you help me?
I'm looking for an indian restaurant that is priced moderately.
Can you find me a very nice hotel in the west? Money is not an issue.
Can you help me find a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi?
Hello! I am looking for a play stay, I would like it in the expensive range and to stay in the north
Are there any rooms available in hotels with free parking?
I'm looking to stay at a moderate priced place with free parking.
Can you help me find a cheapt italian restaurant?
I'd like some help picking out a restaurant.
I would like to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves American food and is in the center of town.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
Hello I am looking for an expensive restaurant on the east side of town. Any suggestions?
Hi. I am hoping you can help me find a cheap Indian restaurant.
Hi, I'm looking a 4 star place to stay on the northside.
I'd like to find panasian food for cheap please.
Hello, can you help me find a pricey Singaporean restaurant in Cambridge?
I would like recommendations for italian restaurants.
I would like to eat at an expensive european food restaurant
I need a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.
Could you help me find the Cambridge Belfry?
I'm looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. Can you help me?
Do you have directions to a guesthouse I can rent in the west of Cambridge?
I am looking for a restaurant called Saint Johns Chop House, can you help me find it?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves danish food.
Hi, I'm looking for a steakhouse, please.
I am looking for a restaurant to book a reservation. I want asian oriental in the expensive price range
Can you find a restaurant called Panahar?
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant serving european food.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
I am looking for fitzbillies in Cambridge.
Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel in the east part of town and it needs free wifi.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves international food!
I need to find a 4 star hotel that also has free parking.
I'm looking for a 4-star place that's moderately priced.
Hi! Do you have any Indian food on the east side?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Moroccan food.
I want to eat fine british food.
I've heard about a hotel called Kirkwood House, but the only thing I know about it is the name. Can you tell me more?
Hello, I am looking for a four star hotel on the north side
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I visit Cambridge next month. Are there any good ones?
Can you help me find some cheap Italian food?
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.
I looking for a restaurant in centre.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel.
Looking for a restaurant in the east side that serves basque food.
I am looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. Could you help me with this?
i want some mexican food.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in when I visit next month.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called michaelhouse cafe.
I need to find a cheap restaurant on the North side
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Polish food.
I need a place to eat that serves sea food.
I am looking for a pricey place to stay. Please help me if you can.
I would like to find a moderately priced hotel to stay in that includes free parking. Can you help me?
I am looking for information on the leverton house hotel
Hi, I need a hotel with wifi, please.
Hi. Could you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Catalan food?
I'd like to dine at a restaurant in the west part of town. Can you help me find one?
I need a find restaurant in the moderate price range in the west part of the town
Can you help me find a british restaurant in the centre?
I need to find a hotel in the center with free wifi included in their rates.
I want a restaurant in the north part of town.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that offers free parking.
Im looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi please.
I need a cheap four star room.
Hi, I'm looking for cheap places to eat in the city centre?
Hi, I am interested in finding a place to dine on the west side of town.
I am looking to book an expensive restaurant in the west part of town. What is available?
I'm looking for some romanian food around here.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
My friends told me to look into a restaurant called The Gandhi, could you please give me some information on it?
I'm looking for the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. What is the phone number?
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves high Chinese food and is more expensive than it's competitors.
Hi, I'd like to find a cheap italian restaurant, please.
I want the phone number to a moderately priced restaurant with Spanish food.
hi, i am looking for bar in town that serves food.
Can you help me find a place to stay? I want somewhere in the east.
I am looking for a place to stay. It should be in a moderate price range and should be a star of 3.
I am looking for a Spanish restaurant in the west side of town
I am looking for a specific hotel
I am looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food in the moderate price range.
I am looking for a Chinese restaurant in the cheap price range.
Hi I would like to find a place to stay that has a guesthouse and free parking.
Is there anywhere that serves British fish and chips around here?
I'm looking to have some European food tonight for dinner. Something very traditional in the centre of town should be good. Can I get a list of options?
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet and should include free parking.
Hi I'm excited to try an international restaurant in the centre, are they are I can go to?
Hi! I need a place to stay in the centre of town.
I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves Cantonese food.
Hi, can you help me find a cheap hotel with free wifi? Thank you
Hi, I would like a restaurant inthe centre of town which serves creative food please.
i need a place to stay
I need a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.
While in Cambridge I need to find a restaurant called the rice boat.
I'm looking for a moderately priced resturant in the centre of town.
Hi. Can you please help me find a restaurant that serves food from singapore ? I'd like it to be on the East side of town if possible.
I am looking for a good hotel in north Cambridge.
I'm looking for a decently priced guesthouse I can stay at for the day.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant with Chinese food.
I would like to find a certain restaurant called the Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant. Can you find it for me?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Malaysian food and is in the cheap price range.
I want to find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free parking.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.
i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant. I would prefer an expensive restaurant in the west of the city.
I'm visiting the area and want to stay at rosa's bed and breakfast.
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi, but it doesn't need to have free parking.
I am looking for the Warkworth House hotel.
I am looking for a hotel called Hobsons House.
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.
I need to find an Italian restaurant please.
I'm looking for an Australian place to dine in. I need it to be cheap.
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
I need place to stay in Cambridge. Want it cheap with 4 stars.
I need your help in finding a particular restaurant. I don't know much about the restaurant, unfortunately I don't even know the food served. I do know the name: cafe uno.
I am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. I am on a bit of a budget so I need something moderate.
I'm needing a place to eat on the eastside.
Is there an expensive restaurant any where in the south part of town?
Hi. I am trying to find some information on a restaurant called India House. Have you heard of it?
I need a place to stay. A guesthouse would be great.
I need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?
I would like a cheap restaurant in the east!
Are there any 4-star places to stay that also have free wifi?
Can you tell me the location of an Indian restaurant in the centre?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel
i need a place to stay
I need the name and phone number for a cantonese restaurant on the west side of town.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the east.
I need help finding a place to eat called curry garden.
What fancy restaurants are there on the east side of town?
I would like to find a restaurant named Tandoori Palace. Do you know of that restaurant?
Can you help me find a restaurant by the name of Bangkok City?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
I would like to find the best, most expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
I need information on a restaurant called panahar.
Hi, I need to find a hotel in north area that includes free wifi.
I need a guesthouse, free parking included.
I would like to find a cheap indian restaurant to dine at.
I want a place to eat that serves swiss food.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves world food?
a north part of town restaurant
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving international food. What is the address and postcode?
Can you please help me find a cheap hotel to stay in that includes free wifi?
I am in the market to book a hotel tonight.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town
I'm craving some spicy food so find me an Indian restaurant on the East end please
I would like more information on a hotel called cityroomz for my trip to Cambridge.
I need a place to stay, can you help?
Are there are jamaican restaurants in the centre part of town?
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Australian food.
I want to find a place to stay in the moderate price range. Parking doesn't need to be free.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the east.
I am looking for the acorn guest house.
I need to find a restaurant called taj tandoori
I am looking for Mediterranean food in the center of the city.
Can I get a korean restaurant in the town centre?
I'm looking for a cheap Chinese restaurant.
Please give me a moderately priced restaurant serving brazilian food
I'm looking for lodgings that are moderately priced.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves Indian food.
I'm looking for a restaurant called de luca cucina and bar
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre part of town, somewhere nice, price is no object.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel on the east side of the city. Can you recommend anything?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel. Can't wait to check out Cambridge.
Yeah, what can you tell me about Archway House?
I want a moroccan restaurant.
Hi I am looking to get some information on autumn house hotel.
I am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, I am not worried if I pay to pay for parking.
I am looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant in the south.
Can you help me book a 1 star hotel that has free parking please?
Hi! I need to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
Hi I am looking for a cheap hotel that has free parking. Are there any around town?
I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.
I want to find a restaurant that serves european food and I don't care about the price range.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
I am looking for a cheap hotel in Cambridge.
Find a moderately priced place for me please.
Can you help me find a restaurant called "Cotto"?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve modern eclectic food.
Hi, can you help me find a 2 star hotel that has free wifi?
Can you find me a 3 star hotel with free wi-fi?
I want to find a place serving spanish food in the centre of town.
I could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4-star rated.
Can you help me find a room for when I visit next week?
What's a cheap place to stay that offers free parking?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel, and it doesn't need to have free parking.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and at least a 3 star rating.
i'm looking for rosa's bed and breakfast
Yes, I am looking for a hotel please. I would need free wifi and free parking.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with free parking.
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is ranked by 4 stars.
What is the phone number and postcode of a cheap restaurant in the east part of town?
I'd like to find a Turkish restaurant in the center of town.
I'm looking for a place called hakka.
I'd like a place that serves world food in the east part of town.
I'm looking to get some information on the alpha-milton guest house
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called worth house.
Can you find me an italian restaurant that is in the centre?
I need a guest house to stay in. What do you have?
Hello, I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.
Can you help me find a place to dine on the east side of the city, please? Something that's moderately priced would be best.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves african food and is moderately priced
I want a cheap, european restaurant please.
I am looking for a restaurant called Efes Restaurant.
I am looking for a place to stay. It should have free wifi and free parking.
Could you please find me somewhere to stay? I need a moderately priced hotel but I'm not fussy about parking
I need a restaurant serving swiss food in the centre of town.
I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves british food.
Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced 4-star hotel, please?
Hi, I am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.
Can you tell me where I can find an expensive chinese restaurant?
Hi. I am looking for information about a hotel called Home from home.
I would like the address to the Carolina Bed and Breakfast hotel in Cambridge.
I'd like to find somewhere to eat in the centre.
I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some of the local tourist attractions and I am looking for a restaurant call The Varsity Restaurant.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address and food?
I'm need a cheap place to stay that has free parking.
I am looking for a moderately priced Chinese restaurant.
Hi, I am looking for a cheap 4-star hotel near local restaurants.
I need a place to stay in the south of town.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in. I don't care about parking, though.
Hello, I am trying to find a hotel located in the west part of town. Any ideas?
I am interested in finding local Indian restaurants to visit during my trip to Cambridge.
Hi there. I heard someone mention the Bloomsbury Restaurant and I was wondering if you could give me some information for them.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves christmas food. Do you know of any?
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
I'm looking for a place to stay that has a star of 4 and free parking.
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves greek food
Can you help me find a place to stay with free parking?
Can you recommend a restaurant in the city centre that serves light bites?
Good day. I'm headed into town and I need help finding a guesthouse that offers free wifi please
I am looking for a restaurant that is cheap and in the south part of town.
I am looking for a caribbean restaurant in the centre of the city.
I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
Yes, I'm looking for a cheap place to eat on the east side. Do you know of anything?
I need a place to stay that is cheap.
Hi, I'm looking for a Portuguese restaurant in the south of Cambridge.
Could you give me some details for Carolina bed and breakfast?
i need a place to stay
I need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.
I am from out of the area and would love some help finding a room somewhere in the city.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars.
I want to find an expensive Indian restaurant.
Yes I would like to find a restaurant that is in the cheap price range on the west side of town.
I would like to find a restuarant called La Raza. Will you help me?
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town please.
I am trying to find the cityroomz hotel.
I want a place with austrian food.
I need information on the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House, please.
looking for an expensive restaurant
Can you help me find a very expensive place to eat that serves crossover food?
I need information on the university arms hotel.
I need help finding a hotel called lovell lodge.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that is in the east part of town.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the west side of town that serves kosher food.
I am looking for a place to eat that's in the centre and serves Turkish food. Can you help me?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Cuban food.
Hi. I would like help finding an indian restaurant to eat at.
Do they have any cheap places to stay on the west side?
I am planning a trip and need help finding a place to stay.
Hi. I need to find a hotel, can you help me?
I want to find a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town.
I want to find a restaurant serving basque food. I don't care about the price range
I need a place to dine for my upcoming trip. I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.
Hi! I'm looking for a cheap place with free wifi. What are my options?
I am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse.
Are there any expensive restaurants that are centrally located?
Hi! I'm looking for a restaurant called Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar.
Hi I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking and does not need to include wifi.
Have you ever heard of alexander bed and breakfast?
Can you recommend me a restaurant in the expensive priced range located in the east part of town?
Could you recommend a local hotel with free parking?
Hi, could you find me a guesthouse that includes wifi?
Hi , can you recommend an inexpensive seafood restaurant?
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
Hi. I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
Yes, can you help me with some information on a place to stay?
I am looking for a place to stay with a 3 star rating.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south of town.
Hi! I would like to find a hotel to stay in. I don't care about the parking.
Can you help me find a cheap hotel?
Is there any expensive seafood restaurant in town?
I am looking for an Indian restaurant that is in a cheap price range
I would like a place to eat in the moderate price range located in the centre.
I'm looking for a place to eat christmas food
I am looking for a restaurant in the south.
Yes, I need some help looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be located in the west, and the food should be in the more expensive price range if at possible.
I need to find a moderately priced place to stay, with free parking.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves lebanese food
Finches Bed and Breakfast was recommended to me highly. Could you help me find it?
I need to find a hotel with free parking and wifi that is close to local restaurants.
Can you help me find a indian restaurant in the west?
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge.
Hello, I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse in the center of town for 3 people and 4 nights. I'd like wifi and free parking too.
Hi. Can you help me find an east hotel?
I need a hotel that includes free parking please.
I am looking a hotel to stay in. Could you find me one on the more expensive side? But it doesn't need free parking.
I am looking for a place to dine near the centre.
I need information on the home from home hotel.
I need a four star hotel.
Where can I get Swiss food in town?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant.
I'm looking for a local restaurant to dine at that serves english food and is moderately priced.
I need some information on the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Can you help me with that?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
I need to find a Chinese food restaurant to dine at located in the north. Can you help?
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel called finches? It's a bed and breakfast.
I'm looking for a specific hotel. Can you help me?
Hi, can you help me find an upscale restaurant in Cambridge that is centrally located?
I need to find a place to dine in at in Cambridge later.
I would like to find a place to eat dinner.
I've heard some buzz about the Hamilton Lodge. Can you tell me about it?
I am looking for a place to dine that serves chinese food and located in the centre.
I would like to stay in a 4 star rated guesthouse.
I would like a cheap restaurant.
I am looking for a restaurant called yippee noodle bar.
Hi. I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of the city?
I'm looking for cheap lodgings.
Hi, I'm looking for good Chinese food on the west side.
I am looking for a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel.
Hello, I'm looking for a modern european restaurant in the center.
Yes. I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
Are there any restaurants serving middle eastern food?
Is there a place to stay in the east part of town with free parking?
I am looking forward to try a local restaurant in Cambridge and I have clowns cafe particularly in my mind. Can you assist to book a table for me?
I am looking for a moderately priced Scottish restaurant
Hi, I'd like to stay at the warkworth house please.
I sure could use a nice hotel to stay in. Can you find me one in the east? I don't need free WiFi.
I need an expensive restaurant in the centre.
I need to find a restaurant that serves korean food located in the centre of town.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that would serve South Indian food.
I'm in the midst of planning my trip to Cambridge and need help finding a guesthouse that offers free wifi
I'm looking for an expensive Chinese food restaurant. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a 3 star place to stay that includes free parking.
I want to find a seafood restaurant in the centre
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
Hi, I am looking for a nice hotel to stay in. I would like it to include free parking. Internet access is not necessary.
I'd like a restuarant with Asian Oriental food located in the centre, please.
Im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range
I need a cheap place to stay in the centre of town, please.
Can you find me a moderately priced hotel?
Can I get some information on the Ali Baba restaurant?
Hello, can you recommend a 0-star hotel with free WiFi, please?
Hi! I've heard of a great hotel called Hobsons House and I'd like to stay there. Can you help me locate it?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
I am looking a place serving gastropub in the moderate price range.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the east part of town
I'm hoping to find a moderately priced place to stay.
I need help finding a very cheap restaurant located in the centre, can you help me?
Please find a place to eat that serves Indian food.
I am looking for indian food in the north part of town.
restaurant on the south side please
Can you help me find Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? Thanks.
I need an expensive restaurant in the centre
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.
There are French restaurants in Cambridge, right?
I'm looking for a moderately-priced place to eat.
Can you find me a restaurant in the north part of the city?
Do you have information on Taj Tandoori?
I'm looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
I need a cheap place to stay
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves americas food.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town
I would like a restaurant that serves brazilian food
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves Singaporean food. Do you have any suggestions?
I'm looking for a cheap indian restaurant please.
Can you give me information about the Yu Garden? It's a restaurant my sister recommended.
Hi! I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north, any type!
Hi, can you help me with my planning? I am looking for a restaurant.
I'd looking for a good restaurant on the east side. I'd prefer the moderate price range, if possible.
Hi. Could you help me with finding a hotel?
Can you search for a guesthouse that includes free wifi?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indonesian food.
Good evening. I'm kind of in a situation. The hotel I had planned to stay was overbooked and I need to find me a room pretty quickly. Can you help?
Hi there, can you help me with my trip planning? I am trying to find a good place to stay.
Hello I am looking for a nice restaurant nearby that serve Portuguese , but I would also like the prices very affordable
Is there an expensive French restaurant in town?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel named cityroomz. Can you provide me information about it please?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves brazilian food
I need a hotel with a star of 4 that offers free wi-fi.
I want to find a Chinese restaurant in the cheap price range.
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the south that serves Chinese?
Are there any eritrean restaurants in town?
While on my trip to Cambridge I need a hotel, and it is not important for it to have internet.
I am looking for a five star guesthouse to stay in.
What is the closest four star hotel with free wifi?
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves persian food.
Please help me find a moderately priced restaurant located in the centre. Thanks.
I'm looking for a place to stay. Can you help me find a hotel?
I'm looking to find a guesthouse with free wifi for the night.
I am looking got a hotel near the centre and I need to it have free wifi.
Well, I am planning a trip and could use some help with a place to stay.
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Malaysian food.
Can you help me find a guesthouse that offers free wifi?
There aren't any Polish restaurants in the centre, are there?
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves irish food
Yes, I need help locating Pizza Hut City Centre.
I need a south restaurant with some greek food.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel in the centre, can you help me.
Hello, can you give me information about the hotel Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, please?
Hi, I need a place to eat in the centre for a medium price range. What do you have that you can suggest?
Can you tell me about the J Restaurant?
Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star place to stay.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and a 0 star rating.
Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre that I can try?
Can you help me find a place to stay in the east? It does not need to include internet.
I want to find a restaurant in the south part of town and serves scandinavian food.
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.
I do need some information. I'm looking for a place to stay.
I need an expensive restaurant that serves Persian food in the town center.
Can you find a place to dine for me?
I'm looking for somewhere to stay in North Cambridge. I would like it to be a guesthouse
I am looking for a hotel in cambridge that includes free parking and wifi can you help?
I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves portuguese food
Help me find a place to stay. I need a cheap hotel in the east.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive price range
Can you recommend some cantonese food in Cambridge please?
Hi! Can you find me a moderately priced restaurant for my girlfriend and I?
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Lebanese food.
I would like a nice place to dine in the south area.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area.
I want a jamaican food restaurant in the centre part of town.
Yes, I need information on the restaurant Ali Baba.
Hi. I need help finding a hotel. Can you help me?
Hello, I am looking for a Hungarian restaurant on the east side of town.
I'm looking for information on the Leverton House hotel.
Hi there, I'm looking for information on Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop.
Okay I'm looking for a restaurant today.
Could you please be kind enough and get me information on the autumn house?
I'm looking for a place called riverside brasserie
Yes. I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
I'm trying to find more information on a particular hotel called the Alexander bed and breakfast.
I am looking for a place to dine in the west.
I am excited to be coming and would love to find an expensive mexican restaurant.
expensive mediterranean restaurant please
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you book that?
I am looking for a hotel named,"the lensfield hotel".
I need a hotel in Cambridge that is a 4 star and has WiFi
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side. Can you recommend anything with at least 2 stars?
Hello, I am looking for a thai restaurant on the north side of town.
Hi, can you please give me information on the restaurant The Gardenia?
Hello! I'm looking for information on Restaurant One Seven.
I would like a restaurant that serves brazilian food
I'm looking for a medium priced Chinese restaurant.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Irish food.
Can you please tell me how to get to the Curry King restaurant please?
Hello, I need to find a cheap hotel that has free parking in Cambridge
I am looking for Italian food on the south side of the city.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free parking
I would like a mediterranean restaurant, and I don't care what part of town it is in.
Hi, I want to eat at an expensive seafood restaurant in Cambridge. Where can I go?
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.
Hi, can you help me find a guesthouse to stay at?
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the west side of town?
I'd like to find a 4 star guesthouse, please.
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Golden Curry restaurant?
Hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called the golden curry?
I'm hoping you can help me dig up some information about darrys cookhouse and wine shop.
I am looking for a hotel in the Cambridge area called the limehouse.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should have a star of 4
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
Hi, I am looking for some information for my upcoming trip. Specifically, I am looking for an Indian restaurant.
I need to find a place to stay while in Cambridge, I do not need it to have internet but I do need it to have free parking.
Are there restaurants in the city centre which serve North American cuisine?
I need a really inexpensive restaurant on the east side.
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and is in the east part of town.
I need to find a moderately priced condo style hotel in Cambridge that includes free parking.
I'm looking to dine at a restaurant in the centre that serves Austrian food. Can you help?
Could you help me find a moderate priced restaurant in the centre?
I am looking to stay at a guesthouse with free wfii
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves fusion food.
I was looking for a hotel in the center of town that offers free parking.
I want to find a restaurant in the south part of town serving singaporean food.
I need a expensive restraint om cambridge in the centre
I need a place to stay that includes free wifi and parking.
I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the north.
I'm trying to figure out my eating options. Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?
Any fancy restaurants in town?
Hello. I would like to know if you serve African food. If you do, can I please get the address, phone number and postcode of the venue?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves swedish food
I want to find a place called Shiraz Restaurant please.
I'd like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
Can you help me find a hotel called Bridge Guest House?
I'm looking for the Avalon.
north part of town restaurant please
I am looking for 0 star lodging with free parking included
I want a moderately priced restaurant please.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that serves austrian food.
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area where I can eat russian food.
Hi, I'm looking for some information about Cambridge. Can you help me find a guesthouse to stay in? Money is no object!
I am looking for a place to dine that serves modern European food that is located in the Centre. What is your suggestion for this type of restaurant?
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced Italian restaurant.
I need to stay at an expensive hotel that has a 4 star rating. Can you help me?
Hi. Can you tell me if any restaurants in the area serve halal food?
I need a 4-star hotel.
I am looking for Ian hong house
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve swiss food.
I'm looking for a restaurant the serves spanish food.
I've heard about Royal Spice, is it a very good restaurant? What is the price like?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Japanese food.
Hi, how are you? Can you help me find an expensive place to stay that includes free wifi?
Is there any place serving cheap indian food?
I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre.
I am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Catalan food in any price range.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center that serves asian oriental food.
I need a particular hotel called the Leverton House.
Hi, yes, I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in. The only amenity it has to have is free wifi.
Could you book me a room at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel for tomorrow?
I am looking for expensive Corsica food.
A moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town, please. Give me their address and phone number, too.
Are there any expensive european restaurants around?
i am looking for a place to eat in the centre that serves creative food.
Could you help me find an Austrian restaurant please?
Hi there! I need some information on the Hamilton Lodge, please.
I am looking for a cheap Asian Oriental restaurant.
Can you book a hotel room for me?
Hi there. I've heard great things about the Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Can you find me some details about it, please?
I would like to find a cheap restaurant. It should be in the North side of town.
I am looking for a restaurant.
I need a hotel. It needs to be a three star and I don't need parking. Can you find me accommodations?
Can you help me find the hotel Worth House?
Hi! I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi. The hotel doesn't have to have free parking but that would be nice.
I am looking for a hotel.
Hi there, can you help me with my trip planning? I am trying to find a good place to stay.
I am looking for Nandos city centre in Cambridge, can you give me directions?
Hi, I need a recommendation for a restaurant in town.
I'd like to get some Latin American food, nothing cheap, but shouldn't be expensive either.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel to stay at that includes free wifi. Can you help?
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north.
I'm looking for an economy hotel in the west.
Find me a moderately cheap restaurant in Cambridge that serves russian food
I need a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse with free wifi
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay at with a 4 star rating.
I looking for an Italian restaurant that offers cheap food.
I need a moderately-priced place to stay. I don't care about parking.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called charlie chan.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should be in the east
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west.
I'm looking for a certain hotel, can you help me find it?
I want to find a moderate price restaurant and serving austrian food.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town, please.
Is there a restaurant in the centre of town serving halal food?
Can you find a restaurant in the west that serves british food?
We are visiting cambridge for the first time and looking for a moderately priced place to stay for 5 nights that includes free parking. Any suggestions?
I'm looking for a restaurant called pizza express Fen Ditton, do you have any information on it?
I'm looking for somewhere to dine in Cambridge.
Is there any chinese food around me right now?
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the west part of town. Could I also get the phone number and address of the restaurant?
Can you tell me more information on the avalon?
i need a place to stay
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the east with free wifi.
Hi, I'd like to try some Indian food. What do you have?
I'm looking for a Lebanese restaurant that is expensive in price.
Yes I am looking to find a restaurant that is expensive in the south of town.
Hi, I'm trying to find a hotel to stay at. Can you help with that?
Can you recommend a restaurant that serves French food? Not too expensive, please.
Can you tell me about any expensive places to dine in the east side?
I am looking for information about the kirkwood hotel.
Hi can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the Centre. Can you help me find one?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
Hi. Can you help me find an east hotel?
Hello. I'm looking for a place to dine tonight. I wouldn't like anything expensive, and I'd prefer something in the city center.
I need a guesthouse.
I'm looking somewhere to stay with free wifi and free parking
I'm looking for a good Chinese place with a cheap price range.
I'm looking for a hotel called the Leverton house. Can you help me find it?
We need a hotel in the eastern part of the city which has free parking.
Can you give me some information on the Allenbell? It's a hotel.
Hi. I am looking for international food, hopefully someplace moderately priced.
I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves spanish food, what is available?
Can you find me a spot to stay with free parking and a 4 star rating?
I am looking for a chinese restaurant.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town.
Please provide me information on the restaurant one seven.
Can you help me find a guesthouse in the north?
Can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 4 star rating but also in the cheaper price range? Thanks.
I'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant in the south part of town
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
Howdy! I'm in town for the night and need a place to stay. I'd like a four star joint with free parking, if you please.
I'm looking for some info on kohinoor.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in and I don't need a free parking.
I want a restaurant with corsica food please.
I need to find a place to stay with free parking and wifi. What can you find for me?
Hello! I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and am interested in hearing about places to stay.
What are the nicest restaurants in the center of town?
I'm looking for a place to stay that offers free wifi
Hello! Can you help me find a particular restaurant?
Hello! I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in Cambridge. I'll need free parking.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves basque food, please.
i will be in cambridge and need a place to stay in the north. I hate internet.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the south of town.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that offers moderate pricing.
Can you help me find a Turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please?
I need a place to eat in the south that serves italian food.
I want to find a restaurant in the centre and serving japanese food.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
I need to book a room at alexander bed and breakfast and also what restaurants are near there ?
Can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 4 star rating but also in the cheaper price range? Thanks.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve Chinese food and should be in the center.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
Yes, I'm searching for a 4 star rated places to stay in town. It does not need to have any internet connection.
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, can you help me out?
Hi I am looking for some information on the good luck chinese food takeaway.
Hi, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre?
I am looking for somewhere to dine during my trip to Cambridge.
I an you find me a 0 star guesthouse to stay in.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called restaurant one seven
I need a place to eat in the north area of the city.
Can you find the A & B Guesthouse?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
I am hoping to find a great place to dine while visiting the west area of cambridge.
Is there a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town?
Hello, are there any centrally located hotels in Cambridge with free parking?
A moderate priced irish food restaurant.
I am looking for an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge.
Help me find a restaurant called hakka please
I am in the north part of town, can you tell me what cheap restaurants are around?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Modern European food at a reasonable price.
Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay. It doesn't need to have free parking.
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called kirkwood house
Get me a restaurant that serves european food.
I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side.
Good Morning, Can you help me locate a moderate priced restaurant in the centre part of town please?
I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town that serves christmas food.
Hi, do you know of a hotel called finches bed and breakfast?
Where is this saffron brasserie located?
Hi, I'm trying to find a restaurant called sala thong.
Yes, hello. I interested in finding a 0-star hotel in the centre please
I'm looking for a certain hotel someone recommended, I think it's called the Gonville?
Help me find a chinese place to dine in the centre please.
Hello, could you please find me a place to dine?
Hi. I'm looking for a particular hotel if you could help me with that?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi.
Can you give me some information on the Worth House?
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.
I need a good place to eat dinner. I Like Italian, what do you suggest?
I want to eat chinese food in the centre.
I need to find a moderate priced hotel to stay at.
I am looking to find a restaurant that serves swedish food and expensive.
Can you help me locate a restaurant called Pizza Express Fen Ditton?
Is there a place in the centre that serves asian oriental food?
Hello! Are there any chinese restaurants in the centre?
I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and in the north part of town.
I am looking for a place in the centre of town serving indian food.
Are there any British restaurants in the center of town?
I need a place to dine on crossover food. It should be in the centre
Hi there, I'm looking for a middle-range hotel located in the south of Cambridge.
I'm looking for a place to stay on the south side of town that has free wifi.
Can you help me find a guesthouse with free wifi to stay at?
Are there any Australian food places in the south part of town?
I need a cheap restaurant that serves creative food.
Find me a moderately priced french restaurant
Can I get the address and cuisine type of a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town?
I'm looking for a british restaurant in the east.
I'm looking for a moderately-priced place to stay.
am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
Hi, I need a 4 star guesthouse hotel please.
I am looking for a high scale restaurant located in the city centre.
Hello! I was hoping you could help me find a 0-star place with free wifi.
Hi there, I'm looking for a place to stay that has wi-fi and parking for free.
I'm looking for a hotel, I'm excited to see some tourist attractions so there needs to be free parking.
I want a hotel that has free parking.
I'm looking for a hotel in the moderate price range. I definitely want a hotel, not a guesthouse.
I'm looking to eat at a place that serves british food in the east part of town.
I want a cheap portuguese restaurant. Give me their address, phone number, and area, please.
Can you help me find a place to stay in the moderate price range. It doesn't need parking.
I am looking to get a guesthouse with a 4 star rating in Cambridge please.
I want something in the north part of town. Moderately priced.
Good Afternoon. I am trying to find an Indian restaurant to eat at. I would prefer something expensive. Can you help me?
I'd like to find a Thai restaurant in the center.
I'm looking for a guest house, please.
Hi, I'll be traveling to Cambridge soon and would like to find a restaurant that serves Indian food.
Im looking for a restaurant called sitar tandoori, can you help?
I am looking for a gueshouse to stay in during my visit. I would like for it to be in the east section of town.
I'm looking for a restaurant recommendation.
I am looking for a hotel, the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the east side of the city.
I'm trying to find information on a particular restaurant, it is called la margherita.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
I am looking for a korean restaurant in the centre.
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse in the east.
Hi, I want a moderately priced restaurant.
I want to find a cheap guesthouse to stay in.
I'm going to be in the north part of town next week. Can you help me find a place to stay?
i am looking for a hotel in Cambridge called the cambridge belfry
I need help finding a 4 star hotel
You can help me find a cheap hotel in Cambridge that includes free wifi.
I wanted to visit the restaurant named La Raza, could you tell me the hours it is open, and if I should try to book a reservation?
Hi I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, one that is inexpensive.
I'd like to find a north american restaurant in any area. I'd like the address, phone, and price range.
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant with moderate prices?
Hi, I am planning a trip and looking for a place to stay. Can you help me with one?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi
Can you find me a particular hotel please?
I need a place to stay with free wifi.
I'm looking for a place to eat. I want expensive malaysian food. Can you help?
looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range
Hi, I am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking. Do you have anything available?
I'm looking for information about a hotel in Cambridge called Warkworth House.
I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant to visit during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.
Hi I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town and serving portuguese food. What is the address and phone number?
I need to find a place to stay in town
Hello! Can you please give me information about Dojo Noodle Bar?
I am looking for a north indian food restaurant in the town centre.
I am looking for moderately priced lodging with free wifi.
Hey! Looking for a hotel on the west side. Thanks!
Can you help me find a chinese restaurant?
I am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.
Hi I'm looking to find a moderate priced place to eat serving Italian food
I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.
I am looking for a place to stay. Preferably a guesthouse with free parking included.
Can you help me locate a hotel to stay at that has free parking and a 4 star rating?
Hi. Can you please help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the South part of town?
Can you please help me get information on cityroomz?
I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking.
Hello! Can you recommend a moderately priced restauarnt near the south part of town?
Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel with 3 stars and has a moderate price.
Hello, I'm looking for some cheap restaurant recommendations.
Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and looking to make a reservation at a restaurant called the "Royal Standard". Can you get me the information for that restaurant please?
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south of town
Yeah, what can you tell me about Archway House?
Hi, I am hoping to find a 4 star hotel room. Can you recommend one for me?
I'm looking for a restaurant that is cheap and is in the centre. Can you help me?
I need a hotel with free wifi but I don't need free parking.
can you find me a guest house that has free wifi in this town?
Hi, I'm looking for information on a particular restaurant called Galleria.
I am looking fot a hotel, Allenbell.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range serving modern European food.
I need a place for a modern european food. Moderate range ought to do it. Thank you.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
I want to find an expensive restaurant located in Cambridge centre.
I am looking to eat at Rajmahal.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help me?
how about a turkish restaurant?
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.
I am in Cambridge and would like to try the restaurant City Stop Restaurant.
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking
Yes, can you help me with some information on a place to stay?
I'm looking for a hotel called the autumn house, can you give me some information about it?
I'm looking for a place to stay during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.
I am looking for a reasonably priced pizza place. Can you help?
I am looking for an international restaurant in the east part of town.
I would like to get information on the bridge guest house.
Hello, what can you tell me about de luca cucina and bar?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center that serves Turkish food
Hello. I am looking for a hotel, it should be in the cheap price range.
Can you find a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range?
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves cantonese food.
Yes. I need a hotel with free parking. I would like it in the moderate price range.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in cheap range.
Hi I am looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
Im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range
Looking for a cheap restaurant.
I need a place to dine during my trip. It needs to be in the east and serve northern european food.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south serving christmas food. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?
I want to find an expensive guesthouse to stay at.
I need a hotel on the north side with free parking.
Yes I am looking for a restaurant in east cambidge that serves indian food
I need to find an expensive british place to dine.
I want to find a place that serves halal food. Can you help me? Not too expensive, please.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant called hotel du vin bistro.
Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north of town.
I am looking for a place to eat some moderate priced austrian food.
Hello, I would like to find the el shaddai hotel. Can you help me?
Hi I'm looking to stay at a place with a 3 star rating that has free parking
Please help me find a restaurant that serves Italian food located in the centre. Thanks.
I'm looking for a restaurant that is high end chinese.
I am looking for a restaurant to dine in during my visit to Cambridge.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves Italian food.
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat that serves British food, are there any in town?
Yes, I am searching for a hotel named the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
Hi, are there any fusion restaurants on the westside?
I'm looking for a hotel that's in the north side of Cambridge and it needs to have a moderate price.
I need a hotel in the north that also has free parking.
Can you help me find Restaurant One Seven?
Could you help me with some information please? I am looking for a place to stay.
HI, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south of the city.
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi in the west side of town.
I'm looking for a greek restaurant that is moderately expensive.
I'm looking for a restaurant the serves austrian food in the centre.
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. What is the address and phone number?
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free wifi.
I need a place to stay with free wifi.
Is there a thai restaurant in the centre of town?
I need a restaurant that serves Turkish food.
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Find me an expensive restaurant in the south please.
Hi. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Danish food.
I am looking for the restaurant Nandos.
I want a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. What is the phone number?
looking for a restaurant in the moderately priced range
I want to book a place to stay that is a 5 star hotel with free wifi.
I would like to find somewhere with expensive Kosher food.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
I'm looking for an expensive Sri Lankan restaurant.
Sure, I want some help finding a restaurant in Cambridge, please.
I need help finding a restaurant please.
one in the East part of town
Hi I want to find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the east part of town.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town.
Hello. I am looking for a hotel called gonville hotel.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side of town
Hi there. Can you tell me if you have any information on the Bridge Guest House?
Please help me find a guesthouse to stay in that has free wifi.
Hi, where can I find the Autumn House hotel?
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel called Leverton House.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in. It should be located in the centre and should include free parking please.
I'm looking for a halal restaurant with moderate prices.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves spanish food
I'm looking for some lodging. Are there any 3-star accommodations where you don't have to pay for parking?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves indian food.
I want the address to the Autumn House hotel in Cambridge.
Hello! I would like to get some Italian food, somewhere in the center of town.
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.
Can you recommend a place to stay that has free WiFi? I need something in the moderate price range.
I need a morrocan food place. Are there any around here?
Hi, I need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi please.
I am looking for a restaurant serving malaysian food.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.
Hello, I'm looking for a gueshouse on the northside.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that is cheap.
Hello, I'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the south. Suggestions?
I want to find some information about a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast.
I am looking for a mexican restaurant in south cambridge
I am looking for a cheap restaurant to have a meal.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the north.
I'm looking for information on a restaurant called La Margherita.
I need to find a restaurant in the center of town. A place offering Vietnamese food, if possible.
I'm looking for a restaurant on the north side of town that serves tuscan food.
I want to find some information on da vinci pizzeria
cheap restaurant, please
I'm looking for lodgings on the east side.
i need a place to stay that has free parking
A cheap restaurant in the south part of town
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called rice boat.
Can you recommend me a moderate priced restaurant in the north part of town?
Could you tell me whether there are any moderately priced catalan restaurants?
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves British food?
I need to find a 4 star hotel that has moderate price.
I am looking for an expensive priced Chinese restaurant
I am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the north part of town
I am looking for a restaurant serving mediterranean food.
I need a hotel at the center of town to stay in
I need some Caribbean food in the south part of town.
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called panahar.
Can you direct me to a Catalan restaurant that is moderately priced please?
I am looking for african food
Could you help me find a thai restaurant?
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine that also service danish food. Any suggestions?
I'm trying to find a hotel called Worth House. Can you help me?
I'm looking for the hotel called Kirkwood House.
I am looking for a restaurant in the city center that serves modern European food.
Hi. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Irish food. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a moderately priced steakhouse.
I would like to book a reservation at the cambridge lodge restaurant
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant in the south that serves Tuscan food.
I need to find a restaurant in the west area and more on the expensive side.
Find me a moderately priced place to dine in the west.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves bistro type food.
i want a place to stay in Cambridge the is moderate price no wifi
I need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the south part of town.
I need a place to stay. It needs to be a hotel that has free wifi.
Hi, I could sure use some help with my planning. I am looking for a particular hotel.
I am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free parking.
Yes I'd like to find a hotel with free parking and 5 star rating.
I need to book a place to stay with a star of 4. I don't need free parking.
Are there any cheap restaurants in the south part of town?
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant to eat at in the north.
I have a restaurant in mind that I'm trying to eat at tonight.
I'm looking for information about a restaurant named the golden wok.
I am looking for a five star hotel with free wifi.
Hello. I am looking for a hotel with free wifi and free parking.
I want a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves international food.
I am looking for a restaurant serving turkish food in the centre part of town.
I'm looking for a hotel called kirkwood house
I need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi.
I am looking for details on the yu garden restaurant.
I am looking for an upscale hotel.
I would like to find the Anatolia restaurant please.
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. Can you help?
Can you get me information on a restaurant called j restaurant?
I need a place to eat in the east.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food.
I am looking for a hotel, the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Hi there, I need to find a hotel - a guesthouse to be precise. I don't need internet so don't worry about that
I am in the past of town. Can you recommend a restaurant in a moderate priced range?
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy food please.
Hello, I am trying to locate a restaurant that serves northern European food, and I would prefer a more elegant setting.
Can you get me information on a place called kymmoy?
i'm looking for a place to stay that is on the cheap side.
I am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, I am not worried if I pay to pay for parking.
I would like some information on the gonville hotel
I'm looking for a mexican restaurant in the south part of town.
Hello I am looking for a guesthouse please.
Looking for a place to eat in the city center.
I am looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking
I am looking for a restaurant in the west side of town.
I am looking for the phone number and address of a restaurant that serves european food?
Hi, I'd like to find an expensive cantonese restaurant.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves African food.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, what do you have available?
I need a place with rated 4 stars in the east. Can you help me find one that like a guesthouse?
Can you help direct me a restaurant called Golden House?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. Can you help me with that?
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay. Can you help me?
I'm looking for some Chinese food, any good places in town?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap. Can you help me with that?
Hi, I'm trying to find a moderate turkish place to eat at. Is there anything like that?
I'd like to know what my options are, as far as expensive restaurants in the city center.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the north
I need a 2 star hotel with free parking.
I am looking for a 3 star expensive place to stay in Cambridge.
Looking for a restaurant in the East side of town
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves Lebanese food.
I need to find a place to dine in the expensive price range that serves indian food.
I'd like to find a cheap restaurant in the center of town.
I need a restaurant in the east part of town that serves world food.
Hi. I'm looking for a fancy restaurant that serves English food.
Could you help me find a 4 star lodging on the south end?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with a four star rating
I am looking for a moderate price 3 star hotel. Can you help with that please?
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre?
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the centre.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
I want to book a room in a place that has a 4-star rating.
I'm looking for an expensive hotel.
I'm looking for a guest house with free parking.
Hi, I'd like a listing for a Mediterranean restaurant.
I am looking for more information regarding the cambridge chop house.
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine that serves danish food.
I'd like more information about the Ashley Hotel, can you help?
I want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves seafood.
Need a restaurant called the golden curry
I need a hotel to stay in that has free parking.
I'm looking for information on a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast.
I'm looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and parking.
I want to find a zero star rated hotel.
I am looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. Can you help me with this?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves Caribbean food.
I am looking to stay in a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.
Yes I would like to find Spanish food in the center of town.
I am looking for a Persian restaurant with expensive price range food.
Hi I'm looking for a hotel in the are that includes free wifi.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is on the east side of town.
I want to find a hotel to stay in located in the centre
I wold like to book a room near downtown that has wi-fi and a free parking.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel in the north, and I'd like the more expensive range please.
Hi there, can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town? Someplace with British food?
I need to find a moderately priced north indian restaurant.
I need some tacos! Can you help me find a Mexican restaurant on the south side of the city?
I want to have some afghan food.
Hi, I need to find a hotel to stay at. It doesn't need to have wifi.
Hello, I'm seeking a cheap restaurant.
I am looking for a hotel that include free parking and has a 1 star rating.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve african food and should be in the centre
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the west part of town
I need help finding a book on italian food
I am looking for lodging in the moderate price range with free parking.
Hi, i am looking for a middle eastern restaurant in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for a restaurant called the copper kettle.
Can you please help me find guesthouses that offer free parking in Cambridge?
Know any good bites around here?
I'm interested in places that you can get a 1-star room for the night.
Could you help me locate a restaurant in the east area of town?
I need an expensive place to stay.
Hello, I am looking for a guest house.
Where can I find a moderately priced restaurant that serves European food?
Is there a latin american restaurant in the center?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre please.
I can't find a restaurant I am looking for.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves indian food.
I need the phone number of a restaurant in the west part of town that serves italian ood.
Hi there. I was wondering if you could provide some information on the Bridge Guest House hotel.
I need a restaurant in Cambridge that has international food and a moderate price range please.
Can you help me find and expensive restaurant in the west?
I need a place to grab a bite to eat today in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a restaurant in centre.
I'm looking for a certain hotel called the cityroomz. Can you tell me more about it?
Hi I am looking for a hotel called limehouse.
A cheap jamaican restaurant, please. If you cannot find one, then mediterranean.
Could you tell me if Cambridge has any expensive Austrian restaurants?
I'm looking for and expensive restaurant in the east part of town. Ask for address, phone number and type of food.
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. What is the address?
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant while I am visiting.
I am looking for a place called stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a hotel room. Can you help me find one?
I am looking for a hotel called finches bed and breakfast.
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to eat in the North please
I want to find a hotel located in the west please.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should be in the type of guesthouse
Yes, can you help me with my hotel plans?
I'm looking for a place to stay, do you have any suggestions?
Hi, this is a two-fer. I need to find a hotel that offers both free wifi and free parking
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Persian food.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that's moderately priced.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant for us to eat at. Some place nice.
I need a place to eat that serves north indian food.
Are there any guest houses currently available iin the moderately priced range?
Are there any places that offer rooms in the north that also give free wifi, or do you have to go to other parts of town for that?
Hello, I'd like some information about a hotel called the hamilton lodge, please.
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel with free parking.
I need the address and postcode of a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the west part of town.
I want something cheap in the west part of town.
I want information on a particular hotel called home from home. Can you send me what you have on that?
I'm looking for a moderate place to dine in the south. Do you have any recommendations?
Would you be able to tell me where to find a moderately priced, Halal restaurant?
I don't know if you've heard of it but can you please get me some information on the la tasca restaurant?
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Korean food. I would like the address and area, please.
I'm looking for a restaurant called little seoul?
I'm coming to visit Cambridge! I can't wait to see all of the local tourist attractions! Do you have any Mediterranean restaurants around there?
I need a hotel with free wifi.
Hey, I need a moderately priced place to stay.
Can you help me find a moderately priced Indian food restaurant?
Hi, I am looking for a r star place to stay that has free wifi.
Can you recommend a restaurant in the center of Cambridge that has moderate prices?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi
I am looking for a moderate price placed to say in the North side of the city please.
I'm looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free wifi.
Hello! I'm looking for a nice restaurant that serves Scottish food. Can you recommend one?
Hi, I need to locate a particular restaurant please.
I am looking for a place to stay in the centre area.
I am seeking an expensive restaurant in Cambridge.
Please see if you can find me an Indian restaurant on the East end
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area of town.
Can you find a hotel by the name of Leverton House?
I'm looking for a restaurant called ask. Do you know of it?
I am looking for a hotel to stay in with a 4 star rating that is in a guesthouse style.
I'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant to dine in aat the centre of town.
Can you please help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for an average priced place in a guesthouse style. Thankyou.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town.
I am in desperate need of a getaway. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay?
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
I want a place to stay with 3 stars.
Hi, I am looking for a 4 star hotel to stay at. Free parking is not necessary.
I need some help finding a place to stay with a 4 star rating and free wifi.
I'm looking for a 3 star rated place to stay at that doesn't need to have free parking
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 1 and should be in the type of guesthouse.
I am looking for restaurants in the north part of town
I am looking for a place to eat in town centre.
Hey, I'm trying to find a restaurant called Taj Tandoori. What do you know about that?
Please find a restaurant called Galleria.
While in Cambridge I would really like to know where to find a place to eat called meghna.
I need a place to stay with free wifi.
Yeah, I'm hoping to find a cheap place to stay. Can you help with that?
Id like to eat at an expensive Indian place, know any?
Hello, I am looking for information on a restaurant name Rice House.
Can you please help me find a cheap italian restaurant?
I am looking for a restaurant called shanghai family restaurant.
Find me a place called maharajah tandoori restaurant, please
I am looking for a Cuban food place, in the east.
I'm looking for a hotel called avalon.
I would like a moderately priced steakhouse restaurant.
Could you help me find Cityroomz, please?
I'm looking for a place to stay. Are there any guesthouses that are moderately priced?
You may help me by finding a Muslim restaurant for me to eat at please.
Can you navigate me to a 5 star hotel with free wifi please?
I'm looking for a expensive guesthouse.
I'm needing a place to stay that is in the centre of town.
I want a moderately priced restaurant and serves asian oriental food. What is the address and phone number?
Do you have any restaurants that serve caribbean food?
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse that's in the expensive range.
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves mediterranean food
Are there any guesthouses in the east?
I am looking for a place serving christmas food in the centre of town.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the type of hotel
i'm looking for a particular hotel
Hello, I am looking for a hotel in the south that is moderately priced.
I am looking for some info on India House
I need a 3 star hotel in Cambridge, that offers a guesthouse, can you book it for me ?
I am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse with free parking please.
I am looking for a place to eat in the moderate price range serving Indian food.
I am looking for a place to eat in the north. Can you help me?
i need a guest house which has free parking
Hello, I'm looking for a modern European restaurant. Got any?
I'm looking for a hotel, but not a guesthouse. All it needs is free parking. Can you recommend one?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food.
I am looking to stay at a four start place with free wifi.
I was looking for a specific restaurant, please.
Hi, I'm looking for a place that offers free internet and parking.
Hi. I am looking for a place to stay.
Can you get me information on a hotel called cityroomz?
I want to know if there are any places serving Belgian food in the centre?
Are there any proper hotels in the south?
Hi there. I was wondering if you might be able to help me locate a guesthouse to stay at in town.
I'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves Russian food.
I need a cheap restuarant. Probably in the west part of town
I'm looking for a place to eat in Cambridge. I'd like to eat light bites in the mid price range please.
Find me a place to dine on some cheap foods from the americas please.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north.
While I am visiting Cambridge, I would like to stay at the Ashley Hotel. Where is it located?
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves australasian food
I've heard good things about the Acorn guest house. Could you find it for me?
Hi! I'm planning my trip to Cambridge and I was wondering if you had information on any Mediterranean restaurants located in the centre of Cambridge?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi. I would prefer a guesthouse.
I am looking for a restaurant called thanh binh in Cambridge.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.
I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food
I am looking for information on a hotel called Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
I'm planning a trip and am looking for a place to stay. Can you help me with that?
Could you help me find a 0 star lodging with free parking?
Can you find me a Turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please?
I want to find a place to stay in the north with free parking.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and need a 4 star place with wifi to stay. It doesn't matter if its a hotel or guesthouse, just 4 star please.
I would like a restaurant in the west part of town that serves international food
I'm looking for a four star place to stay.
I need to find a moderately priced place to stay.
Hello, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food please
I need to find a restaurant in the north side of town
I need to find a moderately priced guesthouse, please.
I'm looking for a nice guesthouse to stay at during my trip to Cambridge. Anything with a 4 star rating will do.
I need a place to stay that has free wifi please.
Hi, I could use some help with information on places to stay.
I am looking for a hotel with a star of four with free wifi.
I am looking for the price range of the hotel Finches bed and breakfast.
Can you help me find a Russian restaurant?
What kind of restaurants are on the east side of town?
Can you direct me to hotel in the west end? Ideally one with free parking?
I'm looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the east part of town.
What can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?
I dont want wifi, just somewhere with four stars.
i am looking for a place to stay. it should be a 4 star and expensive
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.
I am looking for a place to dine in the Centre. Can you help me?
I'm looking for information on a hotel called the lensfield hotel.
Hello. I would like some information about the Aylesbray lodge guest house.
What's available in the centre, in the way of cheap places to eat?
I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the cheap price range.
I'm looking for a restaurant my friend recommended, I think she called it the Curry Prince.
What is the address and phone number of a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?
Can you find a hotel named Worth House for me? Thanks.
Greetings, got any British food places in town?
Good afternoon, can you help me find an expensive place to stay in the town centre?
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
I need a guesthouse please.
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre?
Hi! I need a restaurant that serves Chinese food please!
Can you help me find a restaurant please?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
Find me a place to stay. I need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.
Hi I'd like to find a hotel to stay in. Somewhere with free wi-fi.
I'm looking for a cheap place to eat.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the west side of town.
Find me a modern european restaurant in the south.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the centre, can you look this up for me?
Hi, can you help me find a moderately priced 3-star accomadation?
I would like the phone number of an expensive restaurant on the east side of town, please.
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves german food.