Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge. I believe it is called Golden Wok.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in that includes free wifi. I'm looking to stay in a hotel, not a guesthouse.
I am looking for a place to stay in the north of the city. I would prefer a 4 star hotel please.
I need a place to dine, and I'd like to know what's available so far as cheap Asian Oriental food.
I need a five starts hotel close to a mall and main restaurants. The hotel should include free wifi in the room.
Can you help me find a cheap place to stay in the east part of town?
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant with modern european food. It should be in the moderate price range.
I'm looking for info on expensive south indian restaurants in Cambridge.
I'm interesting in info about 3-star hotels and such that offer free wifi.
We need to find a guesthouse of moderate price.
My friend told me about a place called the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Do you know anything about it?
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north maybe a guesthouse.
Hello. Can you suggest a french restaurant in the north end?
I'd like a moderately priced hotel with free parking, please.
I am looking for an expensive place to dine which serves indian food.
i am looking for the chiquito restaurant bar
I need information about a certain restaurant called charlie chan.
I'd like to find a resturant that serves cheap Chinese food!
I'm looking for this restaurant called pizza hut fen ditton
I'm visiting cambridge and want a bed and breakfast like experience, can you help me find a guesthouse with free wifi?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 2 and should be in the moderate price range
Yes I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge that is 3 stars and expensive. Can you help me?
Hello there, I am traveling to Cambridge soon and I am looking for a play to stay in the north side of town.
I'd like to find an expensive place to eat in the south.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking.
Are there any 4-star hotels which are moderately priced?
I'd like some info on a restaurant, in the centre.
I am looking for a restaurant named Meghna.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge, please.
i'm looking for a and b guest house
I've got a particular restaurant we want to try, but I will need some help with it.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the east that is expensive.
Hi, can you give me some information on a place to stay in Cambridge? I would prefer some place expensive.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderate prices, and has free wifi please.
Could you help me find a cheap hotel in the center of town?
I need a place to stay in the west with 4 stars.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the center of the city.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
Hello, I would like some information about a restaurant in Cambridge called Bedouin. Can you find out if they are taking reservations for me?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
Hi there. Can you help me find a 2-star rated hotel or guesthouse?
I am looking for a hotel, Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Hi there, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Swedish food. It can be anywhere, I'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money. Do you have any recommendations?
What Chinese restaurants are there in the center of town?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and should include free wifi
What are some expensive restaurant reccomendations in the north part of town?
Are there any Italian restaurants in the city centre?
Hello! I am looking to book reservations at Sala Thong.
I need a restaurant located in the centre for a moderate price.
I am staying in Cambridge soon and would like to stay at a and b guest house.
i need a place to stay
Well, I am planning a trip and could use some help with a place to stay.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the north area
Can you let me know about 4 star places in cambridge? I want a personal touch, so a guesthouse who be perfect.
Yes, can you help me with my hotel plans?
Hi there. Can you help me pick out a restaurant?
Are there any Catalan restaurants in the centre of town?
Do you have information on all restaurants? I'm looking for a certain one.
Can you help me find an Afghan restaurant on the west side of town?
Are there any Portuguese restaurants in Cambridge?
I'm interested in rooms for the night where you can get free wifi.
I need to find the lensfield hotel.
Please help me find a hotel called Flinches Bed and Breakfast. Thanks.
I'm looking for a place to stay during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
Can you find me an expensive place serves panasian food?
Are there any hotels with a star of 4 I can stay at?
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay in the south that has free parking.
Hi, you can help me find a cheap restaurant on the East
Hi, Are there any expensive Indian restaurants in town?
I'm looking for a restaurant called nandos. Are you aware of it?
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking
I'm looking to book lodging for a place to stay, it should be a guesthouse and have free wifi.
Hi, can you help me find a restaurant in the centre area?
Hi, I am trying to plan my trip and could use some help with a particular restaurant.
Can you find a place to eat in the cheap price range?
I need to find information about a certain restaurant, can you help with that?
Hi, can you give me some information on a place to stay when I arrive in Cambridge next week?
I was wondering if you could help me find a hotel in the south part of town.
Hi there, I'm looking for a place to eat that serves Indian food in the city centre. Do you have any good recommendations?
Can you find a restaurant the serves gastropub food and is on the east side?
Find me a restaurant called cocum
I need a restaurant in the centre that serves asian oriental food.
I would like to find a hotel that has free wifi.
I am looking for a mexican restaurant in the centre.
I need to find a place to eat in Centre.
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves British food. It should be in the moderate price range.
Yes, I am looking for a place to dine. I would prefer the city centre and am looking for halal food.
I would like to try saigon city.
Hello, I would like to find a hotel that includes free parking.
I am looking at a place to eat that serves venetian food in the centre.
I am looking for a dining place that serves Indian food.
Can you help me find a 4 star expensive hotel?
Hi, I'm trying to find out more about a restaurant called cocum. What can you tell me?
i need info about the slug and lettuce restaurant.
May have some information on a restaurant in town?
I am looking for a Chinese restaurant an expensive one.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the Centre.
Can you help me find a place to eat? I am looking for a place that serves cheap corsica food.
I am looking for a centrally located upscale restaurant.
I'm looking for somewhere to stay with free parking and free wifi.
I'm looking for a place to eat. Something moderately priced, in the center.
I would like to find out where the El Shaddai hotel is please.
I want to find an Italian place to eat near the center of cambridge.
Hello there! Can you tell me if there are any 4-star hotels or guesthouses in Cambridge that are cheap?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves mediterranean food.
I am looking for a expensive restaurant that serves modern european food.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town.
Is there an expensive African restaurant in town.
Can you help me find a guesthouse in the north?
I'm looking for a moderately priced indian restaurant.
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that is in the town centre that serves Chinese food.
Where is the University Arms Hotel?
Im looking for an italian restaurant. I also need it to be near the center of town.
I am looking for city centre north b and b
I'm looking for a restaurant called "restaurant one seven". Can you help me?
Please find me a place to dine that serves vegetarian food that's in the expensive price range.
Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?
Hello. I'm looking for a moderately priced four star hotel in Cambridge. Can you make some recommendations?
Hi, I am looking forward to eat at your local restaurants on my upcoming trip. I have those planned, but could use some help with places to go in town.
I am looking for a place serving Indian food in the moderate price range
I'm trying to get some information on the thanh binh restaurant please
I need a place to stay in the north
I am looking for a brazliian restaurant in the centre.
I am looking for a cheap hotel with free parking near Cambridge.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant.
I am looking for a hotel in the north.
Yes I am looking for information on a restaurant called Bangkok City.
Hello! I'd like to eat at a cheap restaurant in the north. Any ideas for me?
Hello. I'm looking for a cheap place to eat in the centre. Can you help me?
I need help finding the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House. Would you be able to give me the address and phone number?
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking.
I want to find a brazilian restaurant that is cheap.
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi and at least a three-star rating, please.
Need restaurant in the east, expensive is what i'm looking for
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking
I'm looking to find a place to eat in the centre of town that needs to have a moderate price range. Can you give me some options?
Get me an expensive place to eat in the centre please
I'd like to find a hotel with free wifi and free parking, please.
Is there a restaurant that serves italian food in the expensive price bracket?
Can you help me find a place to stay that has a 4 star rating?
i need a place to stay
I'm trying to plan a trip there but need a cheap place to stay.
I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that doesn't need to include internet.
Yes, I hope so. Are there any Chinese restaurants toward the east end of town?
Hi, can you help me find a Caribbean restaurant to eat at on my upcoming visit?
I'm looking for a place to stay. It needs to be a guesthouse and include free wifi.
Hi there! I'm looking for an expensive place to stay that has free wifi. I bet Cambridge has a ton of those.
I am trying to find a hotel called warkworth house
I am looking for a 3 star hotel in Cambridge with free wifi
Hi, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre please.
I kind of need some help finding a nice hotel in the north part of town.
Hi, I'll be coming in to Cambridge and I'd like a place to stay. I'd like a guesthouse with free parking.
one in the east of town
I'm looking for information about Aylesbray lodge guest house please.
I need to find a restaurant in the centre.
Are there any 1-star hotels with free parking?
I am looking for a place to eat by the name of City Stop Restaurant.
I'm looking for an expensive chinese restaurant in Cambridge.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in the town centre that serves British food.
I would like to book a room in a hotel, please.
I need to find somewhere to eat that is moderately priced in the city's center.
Are there any expensive British restaurants?
Are there any good vegetarian restaurants in the centre?
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and free parking.
Are there any guesthouses in the east?
Hello! I'd like to eat at an indian restaurant in the centre. Can you help?
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre.
I am looking for a restaurant serving chinese food in the centre part of town.
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant.
Hi, I'm looking for restaurants in the area that serve British cuisine. Could you give me some suggestions?
What is the address for Pizza Hut in Cherry Hinton?
Hi, I'm looking for a place to eat some indian food.
Yes I am looking for some hotels that include free parking and cheap rates in the Cambridge area.
I am looking for a hotel to stay at located in the centre.
Find me a restaurant in the centre that serves corsica food
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves jamaican food.
I need help finding a place to dine in the expensive price range and serves british food, can you help me?
Please find a European restaurant in the centre.
I am trying to find a hotel in Cambridge called the Hamilton Lodge.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should be in the type of guesthouse
Hi, can you give me some information on places to stay on my trip?
I need to find a guesthouse in the north.
I would like to try gastropub food. Can you help me find one?
Hi can you help me find a very nice italian restaurant near the centre of cambridge?
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves international food.
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves African food with a moderate price range please
I am looking for a place to eat that's expensive and has Chinese food. Can you help me?
I need to dine on british food in the west.
Hi, I'm looking for information about finches bed and breakfast.
Get me a list of expensive restaurants that serve Danish food please
Can you find a hotel named Worth House for me? Thanks.
Hi there. Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre?
Hi. Have you heard of a hotel called Warkworth House?
I need a hotel with a zero star rating and I dont need free parking
I am looking for a Europeon restaurant in the west of Cambridge.
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves Mediterranean food and should be pretty expensive.
I need to find a hotel that has free parking.
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay.
Can you get me information on a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel?
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some recommendations for a place to stay while I am there.
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant, preferably in the centre of town.
Hi. I am having trouble finding a place to eat called prezzo. Can you locate it for me and tell me a little about it please?
I want to find a European restaurant in the west.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves vietnamese food on the south side of town, is there anything like that?
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the east
I'm looking for a place to dine on the south side of town. Please find a place that's in the expensive price range.
I am looking for information. Can you help me find a place to stay? I want a hotel, not a guestroom.
What can you tell me about the the good luck chinese food takeaway?
Do you have information about the Warkworth House?
I'm looking for information on a hotel, the carolina bed and breakfast.
Can I get some help locating a room for the night?
Looking for hotel with 4 star in the center of town.
Hi, I want to eat at an Indian restaurant in Cambridge. It should be on the expensive side. Do you know of any?
Hi, I am looking for a cheap place to stay that has free wifi. Can you find anything like that?
I am looking for information on a restaurant called kohinoor.
There are hotels with free wifi and parking, right?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
I would like a guesthouse with free wifi please.
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant on the south side of town.
I'm looking for a 0 star hotel to stay at that includes free parking. Do you know of any?
I'm looking for a place to stay. I want to make sure it is 4 stars and includes free parking. Can you help with this?
i am looking for a expensive place to eat in the centre
I'm looking for a hotel with at least a three-star rating.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in that's expensive and on the east side.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve italian food
Please help me find a guesthouse or hotel that has free parking. I prefer a guesthouse though.
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that provides free wifi, can you help me find one?
Are there any restaurants that serve proper British food in town?
Please find a moderate price range Turkish restaurant.
I sure hope so. I'd like to find a place to stay, with four stars, in the north.
Can you help me book a reservation at the Warkworth House hotel?
Are there any cheap Indian restaurants available?
I am looking for a place to stay. Could you find me a place in the centre of town that is expensive?
Can you help me find information on the Gonville hotel?
I'm looking for a hotel called the arbury lodge guesthouse.
I have a name of a hotel that I'm looking to book.
Can you help me find a hotel called a and b guest house?
Can you help me find a restaurant for from trip?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should be in the type of guesthouse
What is the address to the Ashley hotel?
I'm trying to find an Italian restaurant in the city centre.
Yo, I'm looking for a place to stay that's as awesome as me. four stars! It's gotta have free wifi, so I can do my social media, know what I mean?
Hi, can you please give me information on a restaurant called Midsummer House Restaurant located in Cambridge?
I need to find a restaurant that serves Weish food in the centre of town please.
Hi I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving north indian food.
I'd like to find a cheap place to stay.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel, the archway house?
I am planning a trip and need help with a particular hotel.
Good Morning, are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre?
I want to find a guesthouse with free parking included. Can you help?
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and doesn't need to include internet.
Hi, I'm trying to find a moderate place to eat in the east. Can you help?
Hello, I am looking to stay in a guesthouse that includes free parking
Hi there. I'm hoping you can help me. I am looking to try molecular gastronomy food. Might there be a restaurant like this in the centre of town?
Can you get me information on a restaurant called mahal of cambridge?
Can you help me find a moderately priced Indian restaurant?
Can you help me find a hotel called Limehouse? Thanks.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the south of town. It doesn't need to have free parking.
Are there any Modern European restaurants in the centre?
Can you help me find a particular restaurant that I'm looking for?
I was looking for a certain hotel called cityroomz please
I am looking for information on a hotel called hobsons house.
Hi, I need a guesthouse with free wifi please.
I am looking for an expensive hotel with free parking.
Find me a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
Could you help me find a moderately priced chinese food restaurant?
i want a reservation that has cheap price and should be in the east
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be expensive and should serve Chinese food.
I am looking for the gardenia restaurant a friend told me to try.
I need information on a restaurant called curry garden.
I'm looking to find an expensive italian restaurant.
I need a hotel for tonight please.
Hi I need to find a place to stay with a 3 star rating with free parking
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre.
I am looking for a cheap place to dine that serves belgian food.
I need you to find a hotel so I have a place to stay. It doesn't need to include internet, but it should include free parking.
I am looking for a cheap place to stay.
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
i am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called archway house.
I'm looking for a restaurant called the varsity restaurant.
Hello, can you help me with some information on a particular hotel?
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town please.
Hi, I'd like to find a place to stay that includes free wi-fi.
Hi! I'm looking for a place to stay with 3 stars that includes wifi.
I want a place to dine in the south that is expensive.
I'm trying to find a 4-star hotel that's moderately priced please
Hi. I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.
Could really use some grub.
Hello I'm looking for a cheap hotel that includes wifi.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant called meze bar.
I'm trying to find a hotel called Allenbell. Can you help?
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the expensive price range
Can you help me find an expensive hotel in the south to stay at? Thanks.
Hi! Are there any asian oriental restaurants in the center of town?
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house. Do you have anything with that name?
Can you help me find a moderate price place to stay that includes free parking?
Are there any British restaurants in the centre?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in the east that serves Indian food.
Great, I sure hope so. I need a restaurant.
Are there any guesthouses with 3 star ratings?
I would like a british food restaurant in the centre.
I'm looking for a hotel called rosa's bed and breakfast?
I need a hotel that is in the expensive price range. That has a 3 star rating.
I am looking for a high end Indian restaurant, are there any in town?
Find me an expensive modern global restaurant to dine in.
Hi there. Can I get some help finding a hotel or guesthouse please?
I need a place to stay in the east.
I need a cheap Spanish restaurant. Are there any around?
I'd like to get a bite to eat in the east part of town.
Are there any expensive hotels around?
I am looking for a place to eat that's expensive and serves afternoon tea. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food in the centre of town.
I need more on a hotel called a and b guest house.
I'm looking for info about a restaurant in Cambridge called Little Seoul.
Yes, I would like an expensive hotel in the center and what type of attraction is in the area in walking distance?
I'm looking for information on a hotel called warkworth house.
I'm looking for some Modern European food. Can you help me with that?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in that's expensive and on the east side.
I'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town.
i need a place to stay
Hi. I'd like to find a very nice restaurant to go to.
I wasn't planning to stay in town tonight, but it looks like I'm going to have to. Can you help me find a pretty cheap room?
am looking for a place to dine it should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range
I am looking for a restaurant that serves canapes in the east.
I'm going to be in the area soon to try some restaurants, but I'm having trouble finding information on one in particular.
Can you help me find a hotel called Alpha-Milton Guest House?
I'm looking for the restaurant named La Raza.
I'm curious about the 3-star lodging options available in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a place to stay on the north side.
I am looking for a hotel.
I need to find a guesthouse with a 3 star rating
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and looking for a place to dine that is in the centre and is in the expensive price range
I would like to eat not too pricy or cheap in centre of town.
I would like some South African food that is not too expensive.
Find me an expensive hotel with free parking.
I'd like to find some expensive Mexican cuisine.
Can you find me a three star place to stay?
Hello, I need to find a hotel with free wifi and free parking. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre..
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel by the name of Acorn Guest House.
I am looking for a restaurant called golden wok.
Hello, I am traveling to Cambridge and am really excited to eat at some local restaurants when I am there. Can you help me find a place to dine?
Hello! I am looking for information about The Cambridge Belfry. It's a hotel in Cambridge.
I'm trying to find a cheap Asian restaurant to have dinner at tonight. What kind of options are available for me?
I am looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in for my trip to Cambridge.
Can you help me find a nice restaurant?
I'm looking for a specific restaurant. It's called india house. Can you help with this?
Konnichiwa, I am coming to town and will be staying a few days. I need a place in town centre that offers free parking. Can you help me?
I am looking for a restaurant called loch fyne
I need to find a place to stay that includes free parking and is moderately priced.
I'm looking for a restaurant called la margherita.
I need a place to eat that serves chinese food.
I'm looking for an expensive hotel with free wifi.
Hello there! Could you help me find a hotel? I am looking for one that has free parking and is expensive.
Hi, I would like to book a hotel in the north side of the city. Do you have any recommendations?
I am traveling to Cambridge and am interested in trying local restaurants and finding a hotel for my stay.
Hi! What can you tell me about 4-star guesthouses in town?
I'm looking for the information on a restaurant called Saigon City, can you provide me with their info?
I heard you have good cheap restaurants. While I am there, I would like to try one?
Hi there. I'll be coming into the centre of town to visit relatives. Can you help me find a place to stay?
Please find a restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar
Hi, can you help me find a 4 star place to stay?
I'm looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called Nandos City Centre.
Do you know of any 3 star hotels to stay in?
Do you have information about the hotel El Shaddai?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the moderate price range
Yes, I am looking for a hotel by the name of the Autumn House. Can you tell me about it?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town with a modest price range. Can you recommend one?
I am looking for a restaurant called darrys cookhouse and wine shop.
I am looking for the cityroomz hotel
Hello, I'm looking for information on the Alpha-Milton guest house.
I would like to find an expensive turkish restaurant.
Hi, I am looking for information about the Warkworth House hotel.
Good Evening, I am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at that has free wifi and a 4 star rating. Do you have any suggestions?
Yes I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the South of town.
I need a place to dine in the centre of town, serving eritrean food.
I'm looking for a nice place to eat.
Please help me find a restaurant.
What restaurants in the centre serve international cuisine?
I feel like spoiling myself so find me an expensive place to eat in the centre
I am looking for an expensive place to eat.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the north and should serve italian food
I need to dine at some place expensive in the east.
Do you have information on the alpha-milton guest house?
It's my wife's birthday and I promised I'd take her out. Are there any restaurants that serve mediterranean food?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves gastropub type food.
Can you tell me about any hungarian restaurants in the centre?
I'm looking for a place to sleep, not too expensive but not bargain basement, either.
I need help finding an expensive place to eat in the west please.
Hi. I was wondering if there are any Eastern European type restaurants in the south part of the city?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should be in the north
I am looking to book a hotel in the Cambridge area.
I would like to go to an Indian restaurant in the north.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre that serves chinese food.
I need to get a guesthouse that doesn't have free parking