I'm looking for a local place to dine in the centre that serves chinese food.
My husband and I are celebrating our anniversary and want to find a great place to stay in town.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
Are there any accommodations in the east part of town that off free parking?
I'm looking for a nice place to stay, somewhere expensive and luxurious with all the amenities like free wifi. Can you recommend something like that?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the south.
Are there any restaurants that serve christmas food around?
I'd like to find a place to dine in the north please.
I'm looking for a moderately priced Spanish restaurant.
I am looking for a particular restaurant called city stop restaurant.
I need a cheap place to dine at in the north.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of the town.
I would like to try some chinese food while I am visiting cambridge.
I am looking to get some information on gonville hotel.
Could you tell me where Cotto is located?
I am on a budget and need a cheap place to eat.
Hi there. I'm trying to find a place to eat tonight. I'd like it to be more high end and expensive, and serve gastropub food. Can you help me?
What can you tell me about the Riverside Brasserie?
Yes, hello. I need a place to crash so I'm thinking a 0-star guesthouse
Do you have information on La Raza?
I'm looking for a cheap hotel in the east.
I'm looking for a expensive restaurant that serves north american food.
I am throwing a party with friends with a theme from the move "IT", can I details on the restaurant with the name clowns cafe? It may add a nice touch.
I need some information on the A and B Guest House.
Hi. Is there a hotel named Home from Home? I think I have heard of that.
Hi, I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking. Can you help me?
Can you help me find a good thai restaurant in the west?
I need to find a barbeque restaurant in the centre of town.
Can you find me a guesthouse with free parking?
We are in cambridge for a visit and looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre. Are there any expensive Italian restaurants in the centre?
Hi, can you find the hotel Kirkwood House?
I am looking for a gastropub.
Hi. I'm looking for a restaurant. I think it's called the Rice Ship or Rice Boat or something like that.
I need to book a hotel in the east that has 4 stars.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the west?
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
Hi I'm looking for lodging in Cambridge that includes free wifi and is upscale and expensive
Please find a place to eat that serves South Indian food in the center.
I'm looking to book at a hotel call lovell lodge.
Hi there. I'm trying to impress my girlfriend and was wondering if there might be a really nice british restaurant in town?
Hello. I'm looking for a hotel on the north end of town with a 4 star rating.
I'm looking to get some information on the worth house hotel.
Is there any good Jamaican food in Cambridge?
I need a place to stay that's located in the east and that is of cheap price range.
Are there good hotels?
I would like for you to find a place to stay that has both free wifi and free parking.
I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and free wifi.
Hello, I am trying to find a place to stay that has free wifi and 3 stars. Do you have anything like that?
Hi, I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the east. Can you help me?
Can you help me fine a local restaurant? I am looking for a moderately priced place to dine that is located somewhere near the centre.
Are there any restaurants that serve New Zealand food?
Can you help me find a restaurant the has Indian cuisine?
I am looking for the Home from Home hotel, I would also like to know how many stars this hotel has.
I'm visiting Cambridge and would like some suggestions for an upscale restaurant which serves modern global cuisine.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in with free wifi.
I'm looking for a hotel. I want it to have free wifi, but parking doesn't need to be free.
I'd like to find high-end restaurant in the center of Cambridge.
I'm trying to find a restaurant to try while I'm in town. Can you help with that?
I am looking for a particular restaurant. It's Efes Restaurant.
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking. Can you find me something like that?
I'm looking for a place to stay. I would like for it to be a 4 star guesthouse.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should have a star of 4.
I am looking for a hotel called Autumn House.
Aloha! Can you help me find a hotel, please?
I'm looking for an expensive gastropub place.
I would like to find a restaurant in the centre.
Hi, I'd like to find a moderately priced steakhouse.
I would like to find a restaurant in the expensive range that serves British food. It should be in the west location.
My sister recommended the Meghna restaurant. What can you tell me about it?
I'm coming to town for an overdue visit with my relatives. Can you help me find a place to stay?
Are there any luxurious and expensive places to stay in the south section of town?
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking and free wifi.
I'm looking for expensive restaurants in the east.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the moderate price range and should include free wifi.
Can you find a a restaurant by the name of pizza express Fen Ditton for me?
Hello I am looking for a place to dine in the centre of town that needs to be cheaply priced
I need a place to stay! Can you help?
I'm looking for a restaurant called maharajah tandoori.
I'm looking for a cheap spanish restaurant.
Please help me find somewhere to stay.
Hello, I am looking for information about a restaurant called rice boat.
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine. I want it to be on the west side of town.
Hello, can you help me find an International place to dine?
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant in the expensive range. Do you have anything available? Thanks
hello can i find a place that serves chinese food and has expensive price range for my family
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve mediterranean food and should be in the south
I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. I am wanting it to have free parking and 4 stars.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi please.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Asian Oriental food located in the south. Can you help?
Hi, I'm looking for information on the Alexander Bed and Breakfast please?
Hi I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse. Can you help me?
I would like to find information about the hotel Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge.
I need a place to stay, and I need it to provide free parking.
I am looking for a 3 star hotel on the south side of town please.
I'm looking for the University Arms Hotel.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the cheap price range
I need to find a guesthouse with a 0 star rating.
Could you tell me about the Golden Wok?
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse or hotel in the moderate price range. I also need free wifi. What area do you think is best?
I need a cheap restaurant please.
Hi, can you help me find a place to stay? Something moderately priced with free wifi.
I need assistance finding information for a hotel called Lovell Lodge.
I would like a place to eat in the expensive price range.
Can you give me information about Hobsons House, please?
I need help finding a chinese restaurant located near the centre.
I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking.
Hello! I am looking for a place to stay. I would like to stay in the moderate price range with a rating of 2 stars, if possible.
Hi I am looking for a hotel called finches bed and breakfast
Hello, my uncle owns Tang Chinese, he wants to know if it shows up in your database?
Can you find a place to eat that serves French food?
Hi I am looking for a expensive restaurant that serves indian food
I am looking for a guesthouse in the south of town.
I'm looking for a restaurant called nandos city centre
I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant.
I will be visiting north Cambridge and need a hotel that has free parking.
I want to find a restaurant called Meghna. Can you help?
I heard about the De Luca Cucina and Bar, and I'd like to try it out. Could you help me find it?
I'd like a restuarant in the north with expensive food.
Can you help me find a place to stay? It'll need to have free parking.
I'm looking for a restaurant, in the moderate price range, in the southern part of town.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves gastropub.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the expensive price range which serves italian.
I need to find a hotel in Cambridge called Finches bed and breakfast please.
i need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge thats very expensive
I need a 4 star hotel on the north side.
Can you please recommend a hotel? I don't need free parking.
I am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
I'd like to find a 4 star hotel with free wifi, please.
I'd like a 4 star hotel in the west, please.
Is there an expensive restaurant in the area that serves light bites?
Hello, I'm looking for a place to eat on the East. I prefer a restaurant that serves British food
I am looking for a hotel that is expensive and has free parking.
I would like to have an authentic British meal, but I need to do it cheaply. Can you help me with that?
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi. I would also prefer it to be in a guesthouse
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that serves international food.
Hi there, please find me a restaurant on the East side that serves russian food
Hi there, I'd like to find a hotel to stay in tonight that has free wifi.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi in the east part of town.
Yes I am looking for a hotel to stay at with free parking please
I was wondering if you can tell me more about a particular hotel called the a and b guest house.
I need a nice expensive restaurant located in the Cambridge centre.
Do you have information on the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
Hi there. I have heard lots of family members rave over the Warkworth House hotel. Can you tell me anything about it?
Can you help me locate an expensive restaurant offering Northern European cuisine?
Is there a place on the east side of town with free parking?
i am looking for the hamilton lodge in Cambridge
I'm planning a trip to go to a particular restaurant, can you assist?
Hi, I need a place to eat on the north side.
I am looking for a place to stay. Ideally, it will be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.
I need lodgings with free parking.
Yes I am looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.
Would you be able to recommend an expensive restaurant that serves Panasian food?
Can you give me any info on whether you have any 2-star hotel or guesthouses somewhere in town?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that is moderately priced.
I am looking for a hotel ti stay in the expensive range. It does not have to be free parking.
I'm looking for an expensive hotel to stay in.
Find me a caribbean restaurant in the centre, please?
I want to eat at a moderately priced restaurant please
What can you tell me about the Allenbell hotel?
Are there any guesthouses where you can park for free?
I am looking for a place to eat in the West, Thai food please.
Can you still book hotels for me?
I am looking for a guest house that i can stay in.Free parking is also an added advantage.
Can you find me a three star place to stay?
I would like to dine in an expensive Chinese restaurant tonight
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi and parking.
Can you help me find a place to stay in the south that is cheap?
I'm in the mood for a traditional American food restaurant tonight and looking to treat myself to some expensive fine dining. Can you help me find a perfect place?
Hi, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town.
I am looking for a local,cheap place to eat.
I need an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
i need a place to stay
I'm going to be in Cambridge for 4 days and need a place to stay in the south with free wifi. I don't need parking.
Hello, I'm looking for information on a hotel called Hobsons House.
Hello, is lan hong house still in operation?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with a moderate price.
I need a place to stay on the west side of town, and I definitely need free wifi.
I'm looking for a specific hotel. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a cheap hotel that includes free wifi.
I'm in the mood for some fusion food. Please find me an expensive restaurant that serves it
I am looking for a place to eat that's expensive. Can you help me?
I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south to stay in.
I am trying to find a guesthouse with free parking to stay in.
I'm looking for a italian restaurant centre.
I'd love to find an expensive German restaurant.
I'm looking for a German restaurant in the centre.
I would like to stay at a guesthouse in the north.
Hello, I need some information about a certain restaurant.
i want a guesthouse
Is there a Chinese restaurant in the city centre?
Hi there. I'm going on vacation and need a 3-star place to stay. Can you help?
Do you have any information on the University Arms Hotel? I've heard it's a nice place.
Hi there. I have heard lots of good things about a restaurant called Rajmahal. Can you tell me anything about it?
I'm looking for information on a restaurant called pizza hut cherry hinton.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay with free wifi.
Hi, I'd like information on a particular hotel called the Kirkwood House.
I am looking for a place to stay with a 4 star rating and free wifi.
I'm looking for a hotel that has free wifi please.
I am looking for a place to dine in the centre with an expensive price range.
Are there any moderately priced restaurants serving international food?
I need a hotel in the south of the city, it is ok if the hotel doesn't has free parking.
Yes, I am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse to stay in Cambridge?
Can you please help me find a place to stay, somewhere like a hotel? I am looking for a rating of 4-stars and it should include free parking too. Thanks.
I need to find a hotel in Cambridge that's moderately priced. I don't need to have free parking included for my stay.
I'm looking for more information on arbury lodge guesthouse.
I need a hotel in the south with free wifi.
Yes, I need a place to stay that is expensive, and is a hotel please.
I need a place to stay that has a 4 star rating.
I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
I am looking for an expensive, centrally located restaurant.
I'm looking for a hotel called the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse. Do you have a listing for this?
I'm looking for a British restaurant, in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine, preferably in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a vietnamese restaurant in the west area.
I am looking for a restaurant named kymmoy.
Hi, I'd like to find out about the Limehouse hotel.
I need a resturant that serves British food.
Hi I'm looking to find a restaurant named Sitar Tandoori.
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking in the north.
I'd like to find a moderately priced guesthouse to stay at in cambridge.
I am on a budget and looking for a cheap place to stay with free wifi.
I am looking for information about a particular restaurant in Cambridge that people are talking about. It is named saint johns chop house.
Can you help me find a hotel in the north.
Could you find a moderate priced place to stay for me? I do need free WiFi.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse
Could you help me find a guesthouse on the west side?
Hi, I'm visiting Cambridge and can't wait to try local restaurants. Have you heard anything about a place called golden wok?
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
Can I get the address to the hospital in Cambridge?
I'm looking for a certain restaurant, can you help?
i want info on kirkwood house
D you know of any restaurants nearby that serve French cuisine? I don't mind paying a little extra for quality food and service, any recommendations are welcome.
I'm looking for information on a hotel called acorn guest house.
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge that has free parking and is in the expensive price range.
Could you give me information about a restaurant called panahar?
I'm looking for Crossover food in the centre.
I need information on a hotel that includes free parking please.
Hello, could you help me with finding a restaurant called The Lucky Star?
Yes, hopefully you can help with some information on a particular hotel?
I want to eat some african food in the centre. What do you have for me?
I'm looking for a 0 star hotel that is expensive.
I would like to know if you have any information on a place called Tang Chinese?
Hi I'm looking to find a guest house with free Wi-Fi, any suggestions?
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center of town?
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. It's called hotel du vin and bistro.
i'm looking for el shaddai
I was wondering if you could help me find a restaurant in Cambridge?
Hi, I'm looking for an Italian restaurant near the centre.
I'm looking for this place called rice house
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve british food.
I'm looking for a mexican restaurant in the south.
Hi! I am looking for a place to stay, could you help me find a hotel with 4 stars and it needs to have free wifi.
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves greek food and is expensive?
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some help finding a restaurant.
I'm looking for an afghan restaurant in the north.
I'd like to find a place to dine in the west that serves modern american food.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at in the center.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay that offers free parking.
Hi, Im looking to find a local hotel that has free parking and free wifi...
Hi, yes, I'm trying to find a restaurant to go to.
I want to eat some Greek food.
Where are some restaurants that serve mediterranean dishes that are in the low to moderate price range?
I'm in the mood for swedish food, but I want something in the centre of town.
I'm looking for information on a hotel called kirkwood house.
I'm looking for a local restaurant to dine in that cheap and serves indian food.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve chinese food
Hello. I'm trying to find a restaurant in the centre that serves Indian food.
Looking for a restaurant thats expensive. Needs to be in the centre area.
I'm looking for a specific restaurant. I'll give you the name when you're ready.
I'm looking for a place to dine, can you help?
Please find me a british restaurant in the expensive price range?
Can you get me information on a restaurant called yippee noodle bar?
I was looking for a hotel called worth house someone told me about.
I'm looking for a modern European restaurant near the centre, could you hook me up?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
I'd love some help finding more information about the Michaelhouse Cafe.
Hi, I'm looking for an indian restaurant.
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant called pizza hut cherry hinton, can you help me find it?
I need somewhere to stay.
I want to find a four star hotel that has free internet.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in on the east side. You know of any?
I'm looking for a restaurant. I don't suppose you happen to have one serving australasian food?
Would you happen to have information on the Lovell Lodge?
I looking for some information on a restaurant called Gandhi.
I want to try a local restraint, can you help?
I want to stay at a guesthouse in the expensive price range.
I need some help finding a place to eat.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre serving Welsh food.
Can you look up a hotel called Cityroomz?
Yes, can you give me the information on the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
Hello. I am needing some help finding a cheap room.
I want to find an expensive restaurant that has North American food.
I'm looking for a particualr hotel called cityroomz?
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat located in centre of town. Can you help?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves scottish food.
So I'm planning a trip to your lovely town and I need recommendations on an expensive place to eat on the West side.
Can you please tell me about the Alpha-Milton Guest House?
I need a hotel on the west side.
Hello, I looking for a restaurant called Golden House
Hi, I am organizing my trip and am looking for a cheap Mexican restaurant.
Hello! I've been recommended a restaurant but don't know where it is. It's called Saint John's Chop House. Can you help me find it?
I need the address of the Worth House hotel.
I need help finding a hotel called Archway House. Can you help me?
I"m looking for a guesthouse that includes free wifi.
Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east.
I feel like having Italian for dinner. Are there any cheap restaurants with good Italian in town?
I'm trying to plan a trip there. Can you find me a nice place to dine in the west area of town?
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve world food and should be in the centre
I'm looking for information on a hotel called worth house.
I am looking for a place to stay. I need a 2 star hotel with free parking.
Hi, Can you help me locate a restaurant named Travellers Rest?
Can you give me more information about the Shiraz restaurant?
Hi! Are there any expensive Greek restaurants in town?
I'm looking for a moderately priced turkish restaurant.
Hi, I am looking for information on Sitar Tandoori restaurant.
I'm looking for a restaurant called michaelhouse cafe.
Is there somewhere inexpensive to stay in town? I'll be driving in, so I'll need somewhere that I can park for free, as well.
i need information about wagamama restaurant.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in in the south
Can you help me get a room at the arbury lodge guesthouse?
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi that is moderately priced.
I'm looking for a restaurant serving barbeque in the centre of town.
I'm looking for a hotel called Avalon.
I'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.
I need to find an Italian place to eat. Hopefully with moderate prices.
Hi. I will be attending a conference in the eastern part of town and wondered if you could help me find an available room.
I've got a hankering for some Spanish food - is there anywhere good in the centre of town?
I am looking for an expensive place to dine at the centre.
Can you help me find a place to stay please?
Could you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?
I'm looking for a restaurant called royal spice.
I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and served British food.
I'm looking for a restaurant that services the americas in the centre.
I am looking for hotel with 3 star and free parking in Cambridge.
Where in the Cambridge area is the Autumn House hotel?
I need a restaurant in the Centre moderate priced
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the centre of town and serves light bites food.
I would like to find a place to stay that has wifi, I'm not a fan of this new guesthouse trend, so a regular hotel please.
Can you help me find jinling noodle bar please, where is it?
I am planning your trip in Cambridge. looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve steakhouse food
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should serve korean food.
find me a place to stay which has 0 star and preferably a guest house
Can you tell me about the Cote restaurant?
i'm looking for a hotel called home from home.
I need information about the hotel Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
I need a place to stay in the north. I use mturk quite a bit to get vacation money, so it would have to have free wifi.
i'm looking for a place to stay, a guesthouse type, in a moderate price range please.
I need to find a place to stay in the east part of town with free parking.
I was wondering if you could point me in the direction of a local restaurant by the name of Wagamama.
My friend was there on business last month and said I absolutely had to try a restaurant called The Nirala. Can you tell me about it?
Hi! Do you know anything about a restaurant called clowns cafe?
Hello, can you recommend a 0 star place to stay?
I'm looking for some food in Cambridge today.
I am looking for a restaurant called the cote.
I'm looking to try new restaurants in the Cambridge area, specifically a place called J restaurant.
Can you help me with finding a restaurant called backstreet bistro?
I'm looking for the alpha-milton guest house.
Hello. I need to find a place that serves halal food in the city.
Hi there. I am looking to find a hotel room in town. Can you help?
Hi, I'd like a hotel with a star of 4 on the east side of town.
Find me a cheap indian place to dine at please.
Good evening. Can you help me find a guesthouse to stay at for the weekend?
I need a hotel on the north side.
Can you let me know if there are any available european restaurants in the centre area?
Can you help me find a place to stay? I would like to stay in a hotel that includes free wifi.
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse hotel with free parking. Can you help me with this?
I am looking for a hotel with a three star rating and a cheap price
I need a information on restaurant. Is there any cheap Chinese restaurant?
I would like to find a restaurant called Rice House. Do you know where it is?
I want a restaurant in the town centre. Can you help me?
I want a place to stay and it needs to be a guesthouse.
I need to find a Hamilton Lodge in Cambridge.
I'm looking for someplace to stay. I'd like something expensive, and I don't need parking.
Is there a moderate restaurant in the centre of town?
I'd like to find a place that I can get some Northern European food.
I am looking for information on a hotel called warkworth house. Can you give me the location address and phone number please?
Are there any Chinese restaurants on the north side of town?
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
Hello. Can you help me find a hotel in the North of town?
I'm going to be needing you for a restaurant recommendation.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and can't wait to try some local restaurants. Can you help me find a place to dine?
Hello, I am looking to try an expensive Indian restaurant.
Hi! Are there any restaurants in town that serve Scottish food?
Hello, do you know of any Spanish restaurants in the Centre of town?
Please find a cheap place to eat that serves light bites food.
Hi, I'm looking for a specific restaurant in Cambridge. It's called The Copper Kettle. Could you give me any information on it?
I am looking for a cheap place to stay with free wifi.
Hi - I'm looking for an expensive restaurant on the east side of town. Can you help me?
I'm looking for a chinese food restaurant.
I want to go to a french food restaurant in the north. Can you help me find one?
A friend recommended the City Centre North B&B. Could you help me find it?
I am looking for some information. I need to find a cheap place to stay.
I'd like to find a place to stay with a zero star rating that has free wifi.
One moment while I look up the alpha-milton guest house for you.
I'm looking for a gueshouse that includes free parking.
Hello, I'm looking for information on the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
While in Cambridge I need a hotel that has free parking and free wifi.
I need an expensive place to stay that includes wifi.
I need a restaurant. Something expensive and italian.
Can you help me find a hotel called home from home?
Hey there! Can you find me lodging, please? I'd like to stay at a guesthouse on the east end, if possible.
Hello! I need a place to bed down for the night that offers free parking and wifi. Can you help me?
Hi. I'm looking for information on a hotel called the Limehouse.
Hello! I'm looking for a restaurant that serves modern european food? I'd also like it to be located in the centre if possible.
I'm looking for info about 4-star accommodations, somewhere where they don't nickel-and-dime you for services like wifi.
I'm looking for a place to eat that is cheap and in the centre.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in north cambridge.
Can you help me find a restaurant? I want somewhere expensive.
I'm going to Cambridge and interested in trying some restaurants. Can you recommend one that serves traditional food?